===== 8-K BODY — source https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1562088/000162828026001730/duol-20260108.htm =====

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): January 8, 2026

Duolingo, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware | 001-40653 | 45-3055872

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification Number)

5900 Penn Avenue

Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 15206

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (412) 567-6602

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share | DUOL | The Nasdaq Stock Market

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 2.02 Results of Operations and Financial Condition

On January 12, 2026, Duolingo, Inc. (the “Company”) issued a press release announcing a preliminary update on certain operating metrics for the three months ended December 31, 2025. These preliminary results are based on the Company’s current estimate of its results for the quarter ended December 31, 2025, and remain subject to change based on the completion of closing and review procedures and the execution of the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting. A copy of the press release is being furnished as Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto and is incorporated by reference herein.

The information in Item 2.02 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, including Exhibit 99.1 attached hereto, shall not be deemed “filed” for the purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 5.02 Departure of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers.

On January 8, 2026, Matthew Skaruppa tendered his resignation as Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") of the Company effective with his successor’s commencement of service and, on January 8, 2026, the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of the Company appointed Gillian Munson as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer and as principal financial officer and principal accounting officer, effective as of February 23, 2026 (the “Effective Date”), succeeding Mr. Skaruppa in these positions as of the Effective Date. Mr. Skaruppa will continue to provide services to the Company under the Transition Agreement described below.

On January 8, 2026, Ms. Munson tendered her resignation as a director of the Company and from the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee of the Board, subject to her appointment and effective with her commencement of service as Chief Financial Officer.

Neither Mr. Skaruppa nor Ms. Munson resigned because of any disagreements with the Company on any matter relating to the Company’s operations, policies or practices.

Ms. Munson, 55, served as the Chief Financial Officer of Vimeo from April 2022 to September 2025. Prior to this role, she was the Chief Financial Officer of Iora Health, Inc., a healthcare company, from January 2021 until the company’s sale in September 2021, subsequently acting as Special Advisor to the CFO of the acquiring company, One Medical. Ms. Munson was a Venture Partner at Union Square Ventures from April 2019 to July 2021 and served as CFO of XO Group Inc., the parent company of The Knot Inc., a media and technology company from 2013 to 2019. Ms. Munson’s previous positions include Managing Director at Allen & Company LLC, Vice President, Business Development at Symbol Technologies, LLC, and both Executive Director and Senior Equity Analyst at Morgan Stanley. In addition to her service on the Company’s Board, Ms. Munson has served on the board of directors of Phreesia, Inc., a publicly-traded software company, since May 2019, and previously served on the board of directors of Monster Worldwide, Inc. from 2015 to 2016. Ms. Munson holds a B.A. in Political Science and Economics from the Colorado College in Colorado Springs.

Transition and Separation Agreement

In connection with the resignation of Mr. Skaruppa as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, on January 9, 2026, the Company entered into a Transition and Separation Agreement with Mr. Skaruppa (the “Transition Agreement”), under which Mr. Skaruppa will continue to provide certain services to the Company.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Transition Agreement, from the Effective Date through November 20, 2026 (the “Transition Period”), Mr. Skaruppa will continue to be employed by the Company in an advisory role in order to provide for a smooth transition. During the Transition Period, Mr. Skaruppa

will be eligible to receive the following payments and benefits: (i) a monthly base salary at the rate of $32,292 prorated for any partial month of service; (ii) continued vesting of his outstanding RSU awards according to their original vesting terms subject to Mr. Skaruppa’s continued service through the applicable vesting dates and with the underlying shares to be delivered upon satisfaction of the Supplemental Release Condition (as defined in the Transition Agreement); and (iii) all employee benefit plans available to other part-time senior executives of the Company in accordance with their terms. The Transition Agreement also includes customary provisions regarding confidentiality, non-disparagement, and release of claims.

Offer Letter

In connection with the appointment of Ms. Munson as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, on January 9, 2026, the Company entered into an offer letter with Ms. Munson (the “Offer Letter”) pursuant to which Ms. Munson is entitled to an annual base salary of $800,000. Ms. Munson will also be eligible to participate in the Duolingo, Inc. 2021 Incentive Award Plan (the “2021 Plan”) on the same terms and conditions applicable to similarly situated executives.

The Offer Letter also provides for a grant of RSUs covering a number of RSUs determined by dividing $14 million by the average closing price of the Company’s Class A common stock by the average closing price of the Company’s Class A common stock over the 30 trading days immediately preceding the grant date (such award, the “Start Date Grant”). The Start Date Grant will be effective 30 days after the Effective Date and vest over four years with 25% of the award vesting on February 15, 2027 and the remainder of the award vesting in equal quarterly installments thereafter, subject to Ms. Munson’s continued service through the applicable vesting dates. The Start Date Grant will be subject to the terms of the Company’s 2021 Incentive Award Plan and an applicable RSU award agreement thereunder. Ms. Munson will also be eligible to participate in and receive the Company’s employment benefits generally available to all Company employees.

The Offer Letter provides for severance in specified circumstances under a form of Change in Control and Severance Agreement. In the event of a Covered Termination other than during a Change in Control Period (each as defined in the form of Severance Agreement), provided Ms. Munson delivers to the Company a general release of all claims, she shall be eligible to receive: (i) a severance payment equal to 12 months of her base salary in effect as of the termination date payable in a cash lump sum; and (ii) COBRA coverage for Ms. Munson and her dependents until the earlier of 12 months from the termination date and the date she and her dependents become eligible for healthcare coverage under another employer’s plan. In the event of a termination during a Change in Control period, in addition to the foregoing, Ms. Munson would also be eligible to receive: (i) a pro-rated portion of her target annual bonus, if applicable, assuming achievement of performance goals at target; and (ii) accelerated vesting of all of her then-outstanding equity awards.

The foregoing descriptions of the Transition Agreement and the Offer Letter do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by the full text of the Transition Agreement and the Offer Letter, copies of which are filed as Exhibits 10.1 and 10.2, respectively, hereto and incorporated herein by reference.

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

Exhibit No. | Description

10.1 | Transition and Separation Agreement by and between the Company and Matthew Skaruppa, dated January 9, 2026.

10.2 | Offer Letter by and between the Company and Gillian Munson, dated January 9, 2026

99.1 | Press Release dated January 12, 2026

104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

DUOLINGO, INC.

Date: January 12, 2026 | By: | /s/ Luis von Ahn

Luis von Ahn Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

===== EXHIBIT 99.1 — CFO appointment press release — source https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1562088/000162828026001730/cfoappointmentpressrelease.htm =====

EX-99.1
4
cfoappointmentpressrelease.htm
EX-99.1

Document

DUOLINGO ANNOUNCES CFO TRANSITION

GILLIAN MUNSON, BOARD MEMBER & CHAIR OF AUDIT COMMITTEE, TO BECOME CFO

Pittsburgh, PA — January 12, 2026 - Duolingo, Inc. (NASDAQ: DUOL), the world’s leading mobile learning platform, today announced Gillian Munson as Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), effective February 23, 2026. Matt Skaruppa will step down after nearly six years with the company; he will remain CFO until Ms. Munson starts her new role, at which time he will assume an advisory role to help provide for a seamless transition.

“I want to thank Matt for all he’s done for Duolingo,” said Luis von Ahn, Duolingo’s Co-Founder and CEO. “He’s been an exceptional financial leader and built a world-class team that has shaped our trajectory as a public company, positioning Duolingo for long-term growth.”

“Gillian steps into this role with a track record of strong financial leadership and a deep understanding of Duolingo,” von Ahn said. “I look forward to partnering with her in this new capacity. I’m confident she is the right leader to help us capitalize on the opportunity ahead to bring education to billions of people.”

Under Skaruppa’s leadership, Duolingo executed a successful initial public offering and achieved six consecutive years of disciplined financial growth.

“Duolingo has been the most rewarding chapter of my career,” Skaruppa said. “From taking Duolingo public, to scaling the business far beyond our IPO expectations, and building a finance organization that matches the creativity and excellence of the rest of the company, I’m proud of what we’ve accomplished together: sustainable growth, strong profitability, and a culture that never lost its sense of fun.”

Munson assumes the CFO role after serving on the Duolingo Board of Directors since 2019 as Chair of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee. She was most recently the CFO of Vimeo and previously held CFO positions at Iora Health, Inc. and XO Group Inc., in addition to leadership positions at Union Square Ventures, Allen & Company, Symbol Technologies, and Morgan Stanley. She currently serves as Audit Chair and Board member at Phreesia (PHR).

“When Luis, Matt, and the Board approached me about the possibility of stepping into this role, it was an easy yes," Munson said. "Having worked closely with leadership as a Board member, I’ve developed deep respect for Duolingo’s culture, operating discipline, and momentum. Few companies combine this level of engagement and impact with strong financial fundamentals, and I’m honored to step into the CFO role to help advance Duolingo’s long-term mission to bring the best education to the world.”

Company Provides Update on Fourth Quarter 2025

Today Duolingo also announced a preliminary update on operating metrics for the fourth quarter ending December 31, 2025. The Company's preliminary results show fourth quarter DAU growth of approximately 30% year over year and bookings at or slightly above the high end of its previously announced guidance range of $329.5 million - 335.5 million.

Regarding the fourth quarter, Luis von Ahn remarked, “As we said in our third quarter 2025 shareholder letter, we’re prioritizing teaching better and user growth, and we executed on that strategy in the fourth quarter. While I’m delighted with our preliminary fourth quarter metrics, we plan to continue to invest meaningfully in the product, even when it involves near-term tradeoffs. We are doing this because our long-term opportunity is to teach billions of people, and while we’ve made incredible progress, we remain early in our journey.”

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this press release, including without limitation, statements regarding the Company’s expected results for the quarter ended December 31, 2025 and planned business strategy are forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are neither promises nor guarantees, but involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause the Company’s actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements due to various factors, including, but not limited to those important factors more fully detailed under the caption "Risk Factors" in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, as any such factors may be updated from time to time in the Company’s other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and the Investor Relations section of the Company’s website at investors.duolingo.com. All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release and, the Company disclaims any obligation to update such forward-looking statements unless required by applicable law.

About Duolingo
Duolingo is the leading mobile learning platform globally. Its flagship app has organically become the world's most popular way to learn languages and the top-grossing app in the Education category on both Google Play and the Apple App Store. With technology at the core of everything it does, Duolingo has consistently invested to provide learners a fun, engaging, and effective learning experience while remaining committed to its mission to develop the best education in the world and make it universally available.

Investors:

Deborah Belevan, VP of Investor Relations

ir@duolingo.com

Press:

Monica Earle, Director of Public Relations

press@duolingo.com
