# 8-K filed 2025-06-26, accession 0001141391-25-000154
# Items: Item 5.03: Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year Item 5.07: Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders Item 9.01: Financial Statements and Exhibits
# Documents in filing index: ma-20250624.htm (8-K / 8-K); exb31-06242025.htm (EX-3.1 / EX-3.1); exb32-06242025.htm (EX-3.2 / EX-3.2)


===== ma-20250624.htm (8-K / 8-K) =====
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549
_______________________________________

FORM 8-K
_______________________________________

CURRENT REPORT
Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d)

of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): | June 24, 2025
_______________________________________
Mastercard Incorporated
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
_______________________________________
Delaware | 001-32877 | 13-4172551
(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | (Commission File Number) | (IRS Employer Identification No.)
2000 Purchase Street | 10577
Purchase, | NY
(Address of principal executive offices) | (Zip Code)
(914) | 249-2000
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)
NOT APPLICABLE
(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions (see General Instruction A.2. below):

☐ | Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ | Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ | Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class | Trading Symbol | Name of each exchange of which registered
Class A common stock | MA | New York Stock Exchange
2.1% Notes due 2027 | MA27 | New York Stock Exchange
1.0% Notes due 2029 | MA29A | New York Stock Exchange
2.5% Notes due 2030 | MA30 | New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

1

Item 5.03 Amendments to Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws; Change in Fiscal Year.

On June 24, 2025, Mastercard Incorporated (the "Company") held its annual meeting of stockholders (the "Annual Meeting"). At the Annual Meeting, the Company's stockholders approved three amendments (the "Amendments") to the Company's existing Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the "Charter").

As further disclosed in Proposals 4, 5 and 6 of the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2025, the Amendments (i) limit the liability of certain officers of the Company to the fullest extent permitted by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware; (ii) eliminate all provisions pertaining to the concept of Industry Directors; and (iii) implement other miscellaneous changes.

The Amendments became effective upon the filing of a certificate of amendment to the Charter (the “Certificate of Amendment”) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 25, 2025. On the same date, the Company also filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Restated Certificate of Incorporation”) that restated and integrated, but did not further amend, the Charter (as amended through the filing of the Certificate of Amendment), which became effective upon filing.

In connection with the Amendments, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") approved and adopted amendments to the Company's Amended and Restated By-Laws (as so amended and restated, the "Amended and Restated By-Laws"), which were contingent on the effectiveness of the Amendments and became effective on the same date. Among other things, the Amended and Restated By-Laws (i) eliminate all provisions pertaining to the concept of Industry Directors; (ii) implement certain limited changes related to the advance notice provisions to clarify certain procedural requirements with respect to director nominations and proposals of business; and (iii) make other technical and modernizing changes.

The foregoing summaries of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated By-Laws do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the full text of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated By-Laws. Copies of the Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated By-Laws are filed as Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2, respectively, to this Current Report on Form 8-K, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Item 5.07 Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

As noted above, the Annual Meeting was held on June 24, 2025. Holders of Class A common stock at the close of business on April 25, 2025 were entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. A total of 809,905,298 shares of Class A common stock, constituting a quorum, were present or represented by proxy at the Annual Meeting. The votes cast with respect to the matters voted upon at the Annual Meeting are set forth below:

1. The holders of Class A common stock elected the following individuals to serve on the Board as directors for a one-year term expiring on the date of Mastercard’s 2026 annual meeting of stockholders:

Director | For | Against | Abstain | Broker Non-Votes
Merit E. Janow | 740,667,613 | 21,901,526 | 603,044 | 46,733,115
Candido Bracher | 761,662,758 | 909,924 | 599,501 | 46,733,115
Richard K. Davis | 748,504,611 | 14,062,466 | 605,106 | 46,733,115
Julius Genachowski | 727,075,382 | 35,495,883 | 600,918 | 46,733,115
Choon Phong Goh | 722,638,884 | 36,326,853 | 4,206,446 | 46,733,115
Oki Matsumoto | 737,916,169 | 24,659,480 | 596,534 | 46,733,115
Michael Miebach | 761,428,415 | 714,736 | 1,029,032 | 46,733,115
Youngme Moon | 760,548,363 | 2,028,410 | 595,410 | 46,733,115
Rima Qureshi | 740,756,975 | 21,818,484 | 596,724 | 46,733,115
Gabrielle Sulzberger | 758,310,205 | 3,871,916 | 990,062 | 46,733,115
Harit Talwar | 760,278,257 | 2,291,103 | 602,823 | 46,733,115
Lance Uggla | 756,598,672 | 5,949,476 | 624,035 | 46,733,115

2

2. The holders of Class A common stock approved, on an advisory basis, Mastercard's executive compensation:

For | Against | Abstain | Broker Non-Votes
728,151,172 | 33,001,013 | 2,019,998 | 46,733,115

3. The holders of Class A common stock ratified the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as Mastercard’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2025:

For | Against | Abstain
755,902,646 | 53,204,297 | 798,355

4. The holders of Class A common stock approved an amendment to Mastercard’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to limit liability of officers as permitted by Delaware law:

For | Against | Abstain | Broker Non-Votes
662,061,357 | 100,251,673 | 859,153 | 46,733,115

5. The holders of Class A common stock approved an amendment to Mastercard’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to remove the Industry Director concept:

For | Against | Abstain | Broker Non-Votes
761,676,460 | 516,556 | 979,167 | 46,733,115

6. The holders of Class A common stock approved an amendment to Mastercard’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to implement other miscellaneous changes:

For | Against | Abstain | Broker Non-Votes
760,329,403 | 603,938 | 2,238,842 | 46,733,115

7. The holders of Class A common stock did not approve the stockholder proposal requesting a racial equity audit report:

For | Against | Abstain | Broker Non-Votes
86,422,286 | 666,765,723 | 9,984,174 | 46,733,115

8. The holders of Class A common stock did not approve the stockholder proposal requesting a report on affirmative action risks:

For | Against | Abstain | Broker Non-Votes
3,041,529 | 756,555,755 | 3,574,899 | 46,733,115

Item 9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits.

3

Exhibit Number | Exhibit Description
3.1 | Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Mastercard Incorporated, dated as of June 25 , 2025.
3.2 | Amended and Restated By- L aws of Mastercard Incorporated, dated as of June 25 , 2025.
104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document.

4

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

MASTERCARD INCORPORATED
Date: | June 26, 2025 | By: | /s/ Gina Accordino
Gina Accordino
Corporate Secretary

5


===== exb31-06242025.htm (EX-3.1 / EX-3.1) =====
EX-3.1
2
exb31-06242025.htm
EX-3.1

Document

Exhibit 3.1

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF
MASTERCARD INCORPORATED

Mastercard Incorporated (the “Corporation”), a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, hereby certifies as follows:

A.The name of the Corporation is Mastercard Incorporated. The Corporation was originally incorporated under the name MasterCard Incorporated. The Corporation’s original Certificate of Incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 9, 2001 (such certificate of incorporation as amended and/or amended and restated to the date hereof, the “Existing Certificate of Incorporation”).

B.This Restated Certificate of Incorporation (hereinafter referred to as this “Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation”) only restates and integrates and does not further amend the provisions of the Corporation’s Existing Certificate of Incorporation, and there is no discrepancy between those provisions and the provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. This Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation was duly adopted in accordance with the applicable provisions of Section 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”).

C.The Existing Certificate of Incorporation is hereby integrated and restated to read in its entirety as follows:

ARTICLE I

Section 1.1. Name. The name of the Corporation is Mastercard Incorporated (the “Corporation”).

ARTICLE II

Section 2.1. Address. The registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware 19801; and the name of the Corporation’s registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company.

ARTICLE III

Section 3.1. Purpose. The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”).

ARTICLE IV

Section 4.1. Capitalization. The total number of shares of all classes of stock that the Corporation is authorized to issue is 4,500,000,000 shares, consisting of (i) 300,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $.0001 per share (“Preferred Stock”), (ii) 3,000,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share (“Class A Common Stock”) and (iii) 1,200,000,000 shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $.0001 per share (“Class B Common Stock” and, together with the Class A Common Stock, the “Common Stock”). The number of authorized shares of any of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock may be increased or decreased (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding) by the requisite vote of the holders of the stock of the Corporation entitled to vote thereon, and, no vote of the holders of any of the Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or Preferred Stock

voting separately as a class shall be required therefor irrespective of the provisions of Section 242(b)(2) of the DGCL (or any successor provision thereto).

Section 4.2. Preferred Stock.

(A)The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board”) is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution or resolutions, to provide, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, for series of Preferred Stock and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting such series and the designation of such series, the voting powers (if any) of the shares of such series, and the powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of the shares of such series. The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding.

(B)Except as otherwise required by law, holders of a series of Preferred Stock, as such, shall be entitled only to such voting rights, if any, as shall expressly be granted thereto by this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designations relating to such series).

Section 4.3. Common Stock.

(A)Voting Rights.

(1)Each holder of Class A Common Stock, as such, shall be entitled to one vote for each share of Class A Common Stock held of record by such holder on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote; provided, however, that to the fullest extent permitted by law, holders of Class A Common Stock, as such, shall have no voting power with respect to, and shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designations relating to any series of Preferred Stock) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designations relating to any series of Preferred Stock) or pursuant to the DGCL.

(2)To the fullest extent permitted by law, holders of Class B Common Stock, as such, shall have no voting power and shall not be entitled to vote on any matter.

(B)Dividends and Distributions.

Subject to applicable law and the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock with respect to the payment of dividends, dividends may be declared and paid on the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock out of the assets of the Corporation that are by law available therefor at such times and in such amounts as the Board in its discretion shall determine. Except as otherwise required by the DGCL, in any circumstance where the Corporation may declare dividends or otherwise make distributions (including, without limitation, any distribution on liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation) on either the Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock, the Corporation shall declare the same per share dividends or make the same per share distributions, as the case may be, on such other class of Common Stock; provided, however, that if any such dividends or distributions are declared with respect to the Class A Common Stock in the form of additional shares of Class A Common Stock (or rights, options or warrants to purchase or otherwise acquire, Class A Common Stock), such dividends or distributions shall be made with respect to the Class B Common Stock in the form of an equivalent number of shares of Class B Common Stock (or rights, options or warrants to purchase or otherwise acquire,

2

Class B Common Stock) and if any such dividends or distributions are declared with respect to the Class B Common Stock in the form of additional shares of Class B Common Stock (or rights, options or warrants to purchase or otherwise acquire, Class B Common Stock), such dividends or distributions shall be made with respect to the Class A Common Stock in the form of an equivalent number of shares of Class A Common Stock (or rights, options or warrants to purchase or otherwise acquire, Class A Common Stock).

(C)Ownership of Class B Common Stock.

Class B Common Stock may only be held by (i) a Class A member or affiliate member of Mastercard International Incorporated (“Mastercard International”), (ii) the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof or (iii) a director, officer or employee of the Corporation or a subsidiary thereof. Any transfer or purported transfer that would result in a violation of the immediately preceding sentence shall be void ab initio and any shares of Class B Common Stock held in violation of this Section 4.3(C) may be redeemed by the Corporation, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the per share consideration paid in the transaction that resulted in such violative transfer (or, in the case of a devise, gift or other such transaction without consideration, the Market Price at the time of such devise or gift or other such transaction) and (ii) the Market Price on the date the Corporation, or its designee, elects to redeem such shares.

(D)Conversion.

(1)(a) Any holder of Class B Common Stock may, at any time and from time to time at such holder’s option, convert all or any portion of such holder’s shares of Class B Common Stock into an equal number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Class A Common Stock by delivery of written or electronic notice (or such other reasonable means as the Corporation may establish) to the Corporation (and, if such shares are held in certificated form, delivery and surrender to the Corporation of the certificates representing the shares of Class B Common Stock to be so converted); provided, however, that nothing herein shall entitle any Person to convert Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock if this would result in any Member (including such Person) Beneficially Owning any share of Class A Common Stock except as permitted pursuant to Section 4.3(D)(1)(b). Subject to the provisos contained in the immediately preceding sentence, a conversion pursuant to this Section 4.3(D)(1)(a) may be effected in connection with a transfer of shares Beneficially Owned by a Member. Upon such delivery of notice (and, if applicable, surrender of certificates) pursuant to this Section 4.3(D)(1)(a), the Corporation shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the record owner of such shares of Class B Common Stock (or upon the written order of the record owner of such shares of Class B Common Stock, such record owner’s designee) the number of fully paid and nonassessable shares of Class A Common Stock into which the shares of such Class B Common Stock have been converted in accordance with the provisions of this Section 4.3(D)(1)(a). The Corporation may, in connection with any conversion pursuant to this Section 4.3(D)(1)(a), require such evidence as the Board may determine, that following such conversion the shares shall not be Beneficially Owned by a Member except as permitted pursuant to Section 4.3(D)(1)(b). The Board may from time to time establish such procedures as it may determine to be necessary or desirable for the orderly conversion of Class B Common Stock, which procedures shall be binding upon the holders of Class B Common Stock.

(b) Following the occurrence of a conversion pursuant to Section 4.3(D)(1)(a) and prior to sale, Members shall be permitted to Beneficially Own Class A Common Stock for a period which shall not exceed 30 days (such period, the “Transitory Ownership Period”); provided, however, that during the Transitory Ownership Period, Members shall not be permitted to vote any shares of Class A Common Stock Beneficially Owned by them.

(2)The Corporation will pay any and all documentary, stamp or similar issue or transfer taxes payable in respect of the issue or delivery of shares of Class A Common Stock on the conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock pursuant to Section 4.3(D)(1)(a); provided, however, that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any taxes which may be

3

payable in respect of any registration of transfer involved in the issue or delivery of shares of Class A Common Stock in a name other than that of the record owner of Class B Common Stock converted or to be converted, and no such issue or delivery shall be made unless and until the person requesting such issue has paid to the Corporation the amount of any such taxes or has established, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Corporation, that such taxes have been paid.

(3)As long as any shares of Class B Common Stock shall be outstanding, the Corporation shall reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of effecting the conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock, that number of shares of Class A Common Stock necessary to effect the conversion of all of the then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock. If at any time the Board determines that the number of authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock would be insufficient to effect the conversion of all of the then outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock, the Board shall use all reasonable efforts to cause the Corporation’s authorized but unissued shares of Class A Common Stock to be increased to such number of shares as shall be sufficient to effect such conversion.

(4)Upon the occurrence of a conversion pursuant to Section 4.3(D)(1)(a), the Class B Common Stock so converted shall be retired and may not be reissued.

(5)Shares of Class A Common Stock shall not be convertible into any other class or series.

(E)Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.

In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation and of the preferential and other amounts, if any, to which the holders of Preferred Stock shall be entitled, the holders of all outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution ratably in proportion to the number of shares held by each such stockholder.

(F)Mergers, Consolidation, Etc.

In the event that the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination, statutory conversion, transfer, domestication, continuance or other transaction in which shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then, and in such event, the shares of each such class of Common Stock shall be exchanged for or changed into the same per share amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property, as the case may be, into which or for which each share of the other class of Common Stock is exchanged or changed; provided, however, that if shares of Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock are exchanged for or changed into shares of capital stock, such shares so exchanged for or changed into may differ to the extent and only to the extent that the Class A Common Stock and the Class B Common Stock differ as provided herein.

(G)Adjustments.

In the event that the Corporation shall, at any time when any shares of Class B Common Stock are outstanding, effect a subdivision, combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Class A Common Stock, then in each case the Corporation shall, at the same time, effect an equivalent subdivision, combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Class B Common Stock. In the event that the Corporation shall at any time when any shares of Class A Common Stock are outstanding

4

effect a subdivision, combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Class B Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Class B Common Stock, then in each case the Corporation shall, at the same time, effect an equivalent subdivision, combination or consolidation of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (by reclassification or otherwise) into a greater or lesser number of shares of Class A Common Stock.

(H)Limitations on Beneficial Ownership of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock.

(1)Except as permitted pursuant to Section 4.3(D)(1), no Member or Similar Person (as defined below) shall Beneficially Own any share of Class A Common Stock or any share of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (“Other Voting Stock”). Any Beneficial Ownership in violation of this Section 4.3(H)(1) (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any Beneficial Ownership of a Person that shall thereafter become a Member or Similar Person) shall be subject to the provisions set forth in Section 4.3(H)(5)-(8).

(2)No Person shall Beneficially Own (a) shares of Class A Common Stock representing more than 15% of the aggregate outstanding shares or voting power of Class A Common Stock; (b) shares of any class or series of Other Voting Stock representing more than 15% of the aggregate outstanding shares or voting power of such class or series of Other Voting Stock; or (c) shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock representing more than 15% of the aggregate voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at an election of directors, voting as a single class. Any Beneficial Ownership in violation of this Section 4.3(H)(2) shall be subject to the provisions set forth in Section 4.3(H)(5)-(8).

(3)(a) Notwithstanding Section 4.3(H)(2), Mastercard Foundation may Beneficially Own more than 15% of the aggregate outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock; provided that Mastercard Foundation shall not Beneficially Own more than 20% of the aggregate outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock.

(b) Notwithstanding Section 4.3(H)(1) and (2), an underwriter that participates in a public offering or a private placement of Class A Common Stock or Other Voting Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock or Other Voting Stock) may Beneficially Own shares of Class A Common Stock or Other Voting Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock or Other Voting Stock) in excess of the limitations on Beneficial Ownership set forth in Section 4.3(H)(1) and (2) but only to the extent necessary to facilitate such public offering or private placement.

(c) A Person (including, without limitation, a Member or Similar Person) shall not be deemed to Beneficially Own shares of Class A Common Stock or Other Voting Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock or Other Voting Stock) for purposes of Section 4.3(H)(1) and (2) if such shares of Class A Common Stock or Other Voting Stock (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock or Other Voting Stock) are (x) held for the benefit of third parties or in customer or fiduciary accounts in the ordinary course of such Person’s business and if such shares are held by such Person without the purpose or effect of changing or influencing control of the Corporation or (y) are held by the designated market maker for the Class A Common Stock or the New York Stock Exchange (or, if the Corporation elects to list the Class A Common Stock on a different securities exchange, the market maker for the Class A Common Stock designated by such exchange or, failing such a designation, by the Corporation) in the ordinary course of such designated market maker’s business, if such shares are held by such designated market maker without the purpose or effect of changing or influencing control of the Corporation.

(4)Definitions. Capitalized terms defined below shall have the meanings assigned to them below when used throughout this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. In the case of any ambiguity in the definition of any of the capitalized terms

5

defined below or elsewhere in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of the Corporation shall have the power to resolve such ambiguity.

(a)“Affiliate” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 12b-2 of the General Rules and Regulations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) (or any successor rule).

(b)“Beneficial Owner” shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Rule 13d-3 and Rule 13d-5 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rules), except that in calculating the beneficial ownership of any particular Person, such Person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such Person has the right to acquire by conversion or exercise of other securities, whether such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition. The terms “Beneficially Owns”, “Beneficial Ownership” and “Beneficially Owned” have a corresponding meaning.

(c)“Charitable Beneficiary” shall mean one or more beneficiaries of the Trust as determined pursuant to Section 4.3(H)(7)(f), provided that each such organization must be described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Code and contributions to each such organization must be eligible for deduction under each of Sections 170(b)(1)(A), 2055 and 2522 of the Code (or any successor provisions).

(d)“Code” shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

(e)“Market Price” of a security on any date shall mean the last reported sale price for such security, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, for such security, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange or, if such security is not listed or admitted to trading on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported on the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which such security is listed or admitted to trading or, if such security is not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or, if such system is no longer in use, the principal other automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if such security is not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such security selected by the Board or, in the event that no trading price is available for such security, the fair market value of such security as determined in good faith by the Board.

(f)“Mastercard Foundation” shall mean Mastercard Foundation, a legal entity incorporated as a corporation without share capital under the Canada Corporations Act.

(g)“Member” shall mean any Person that on May 30, 2006 was or thereafter shall have become or shall become, a Class A member or affiliate member of Mastercard International or licensee of any of the Corporation’s or Mastercard International’s brands, or an Affiliate of any of the foregoing, whether or not such Person continues to retain such status.

(h)“Person” shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company or other

6

entity and also includes a group as that term is used for purposes of Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

(i)“Prohibited Owner” shall mean, with respect to any purported Transfer, any Person who, but for the provisions of Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2), would Beneficially Own shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock, and if appropriate in the context, shall also mean any Person who would have been the record owner of the shares that the Prohibited Owner would have so owned.

(j)“Similar Person” shall mean any Person that is an operator, member or licensee of any general purpose payment card system that competes with the Corporation, or any Affiliate of such a Person.

(k)“Transfer” shall mean any issuance, sale, transfer, gift, assignment, devise or other disposition, as well as any other event that causes any Person to acquire Beneficial Ownership, or any agreement to take any such actions or cause any such events, of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock or the right to vote Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock, including (a) the granting or exercise of any option (or any disposition of any option), (b) any disposition of any securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock or any interest in Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock or any exercise of any such conversion or exchange right and (c) Transfers of interests in other entities that result in changes in Beneficial Ownership of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock; in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of record, or Beneficially Owned and whether by operation of law or otherwise. The terms “Transferring” and “Transferred” shall have the correlative meanings.

(l)“Trust” shall mean any trust as defined in Section 4.3(H)(5)(a).

(m)“Trustee” shall mean a Person unaffiliated with the Corporation, a Prohibited Owner or any Member or Similar Person, that is appointed by the Corporation to serve as trustee of a Trust.

(5)Violative Transfer. If any Transfer is purportedly effected which, if effective, would result in any Person Beneficially Owning shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock in violation of Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2), then the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in respect of such shares, including, without limitation, voting rights or rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to such shares and:

(a)that number of shares of the Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock the Beneficial Ownership of which otherwise would cause such Person to violate Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2) (rounded to the next highest whole share) shall be automatically transferred to a trust (“Trust”) for the benefit of a Charitable Beneficiary, effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of such transfer, and such Person shall acquire no rights in such shares; or

(b)if the transfer to the Trust described in clause (a) of this Section 4.3(H)(5) would not be effective for any reason to prevent the violation of Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2), as applicable, then, subject to Section 4.3(H)(9) hereof, the Transfer of that number of shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock that otherwise would cause any Person to violate Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2) shall be void ab initio.

(6)Remedies for Breach. If the Board shall at any time determine in good faith that a Transfer or other event has purportedly taken place that, if effected would result in a violation of Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2) or that a Person intends to acquire or has attempted to acquire Beneficial Ownership of any shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock in violation of Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2) (whether or not such violation is intended), the

7

Board shall take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such Transfer or other event, including, without limitation, causing the Corporation to redeem shares pursuant to Section 4.3(H)(7)(e), refusing to give effect to such Transfer on the books of the Corporation or instituting proceedings to enjoin such Transfer or other event; provided, however, that any Transfer or attempted Transfer or other event in violation of Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2) shall automatically result in the Transfer to a Trust, and, where applicable, such Transfer (or other event) in violation of Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2) shall be void ab initio irrespective of any action (or non-action) by the Board.

(7)Transfer of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock in Trust.

(a)Ownership in Trust. Upon any purported Transfer that would result in a transfer of shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock to a Trust pursuant to Section 4.3(H)(5), such shares shall be deemed to have been Transferred to the trustee of the Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. Such Transfer to the Trustee shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of such purported Transfer or other event that results in the Transfer to the Trust pursuant to Section 4.3(H)(5). The Trustee shall be appointed by the Corporation and shall be a Person unaffiliated with the Corporation and any Prohibited Owner or Member. Each Charitable Beneficiary shall be designated by the Corporation as provided in Section 4.3(H)(7)(f).

(b)Status of Shares Held by the Trustee. Shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock held by the Trustee shall be issued and outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock, respectively, of the Corporation. The Prohibited Owner shall have no rights in the shares held by the Trustee. The Prohibited Owner shall not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in trust by the Trustee, shall have no rights to dividends or other distributions and shall not possess any rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the Trust.

(c)Dividend and Voting Rights. The Trustee shall have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock held in the Trust, which rights shall be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock have been transferred to the Trustee shall be paid by the recipient of such dividend or distribution to the Trustee upon demand and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the Trustee. Any dividend or distribution so paid to the Trustee shall be held in trust for the Charitable Beneficiary. The Prohibited Owner shall have no voting rights with respect to shares held in the Trust and, subject to the DGCL, effective as of the date that the shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock have been transferred to the Trustee, the Trustee shall have the authority (at the Trustee’s sole discretion) (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by a Prohibited Owner prior to the discovery by the Corporation that the shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock have been transferred to the Trustee and (ii) to recast such vote in accordance with the desires of the Trustee acting for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary; provided, however, that if the Corporation has already taken corporate action pursuant to such vote, then the Trustee shall not have the authority to rescind and recast such vote. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 4.3(H), until the Corporation has received notification that shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock have been transferred into a Trust, the Corporation shall be entitled to rely on its share transfer and other stockholder records for purposes of preparing lists of stockholders entitled to vote at meetings, determining the validity and authority of proxies and otherwise conducting votes of stockholders.

(d)Sale of Shares by Trustee. Within 20 days of receiving notice from the Corporation that shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock have been transferred to the Trust, the Trustee of the Trust shall sell the shares held in the Trust to a Person, designated by the Trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the

8

ownership limitations set forth in Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2), as applicable. Upon such sale, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares sold shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and to the Charitable Beneficiary as provided in this Section. The Prohibited Owner shall receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the Prohibited Owner for the shares or, if the Prohibited Owner did not give value for the shares in connection with the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust (e.g., in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the Market Price of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the Trust and (2) the price per share received by the Trustee (net of any commissions and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares held in the Trust. The Trustee may reduce the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.3(H)(7)(c). Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner shall be immediately paid to the Charitable Beneficiary. If, prior to the discovery by the Corporation that shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock have been transferred to the Trustee, such shares are sold by a Prohibited Owner, then (i) such shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the Trust and (ii) to the extent that the Prohibited Owner received an amount for such shares that exceeds the amount that such Prohibited Owner was entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 4.3(H)(7)(d), such excess shall be paid to the Trustee upon demand.

(e)Right to Redeem Stock Transferred to the Trustee. Shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock transferred to the Trustee may be redeemed by the Corporation, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the per share consideration paid in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the Trust (or, in the case of a devise, gift or other such transaction without consideration, the Market Price at the time of such devise or gift or other such transaction) and (ii) the Market Price on the date the Corporation, or its designee, elects to redeem such shares. The Corporation may reduce the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner by the amount of dividends and distributions which have been paid to the Prohibited Owner and are owed by the Prohibited Owner to the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.3(H)(7)(c). The Corporation may pay the amount of such reduction to the Trustee for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. The Corporation shall have the right to redeem such shares until the Trustee has sold the shares held in the Trust pursuant to Section 4.3(H)(7)(d). Upon such a redemption, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the shares shall terminate and the Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the redemption to the Prohibited Owner.

(f)Designation of Charitable Beneficiaries. By written notice to the Trustee, the Corporation shall designate one or more nonprofit organizations to be the Charitable Beneficiary of the interest in the Trust such that the shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock held in the Trust would not violate the restrictions set forth in Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2) in the hands of such Charitable Beneficiary.

(8)Notice of Restricted Transfer. Any Person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire Beneficial Ownership of shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock that will or may violate Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2) or any Person who would have owned shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock that resulted in a transfer to the Trust pursuant to the provisions of Section 4.3(H)(5) shall immediately give written notice to the Corporation of such event, or in the case of such a proposed or attempted transaction, give at least 15 days prior written notice, and shall provide to the Corporation such other information as the Corporation may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such Transfer on the Corporation.

(9)NYSE Transactions. Nothing in Section 4.3(H) shall preclude the settlement of any transaction entered into through the facilities of the New York Stock Exchange or any other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. The fact that the settlement of any transaction occurs shall not negate the effect of any other provision of this Section 4.3(H) and any transferee in such a transaction shall be subject to all of the provisions and limitations set forth in this Section 4.3(H).

9

(10) Ambiguity. In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this Section 4.3(H), the Board of the Corporation shall have the power to determine the application of the provisions of this Section 4.3(H) with respect to any situation based on the facts known to it. In the event Section 4.3(H)(6) or (7) requires or permits an action or determination by the Board and this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action or determination, the Board shall have the power to determine the action to be taken or determination to be made so long as such action or determination is not contrary to the provisions of Section 4.3(H). Absent a decision to the contrary by the Board, if a Person would have (but for the remedies set forth in Section 4.3(H)(6)) acquired Beneficial Ownership of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock in violation of Section 4.3(H)(1) or (2), such remedies (as applicable) shall apply first, to the shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock which, but for such remedies, would have been owned directly by such Person, second, to the shares which, but for such remedies, would have been wholly Beneficially Owned (but not owned directly) by such Person, and thereafter, to the shares which, but for such remedies, would have been Beneficially Owned by such Person, pro rata among the Persons who directly own such shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock based upon the relative number of the shares of Class A Common Stock and/or Other Voting Stock held by each such Person.

(11) Enforcement. The Corporation is authorized specifically to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief, to enforce the provisions of this Section 4.3(H).

(12) Non-Waiver. No delay or failure on the part of the Corporation or the Board in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any right of the Corporation or the Board, as the case may be, except to the extent specifically waived in writing.

(I)Legend.

Any certificate for shares of Common Stock shall bear a legend that the shares represented by such certificates are subject to the restrictions on transferability set forth herein.

ARTICLE V

Section 5.1. By-Laws. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the DGCL, the Board is expressly authorized to make, amend, alter, change, add to or repeal the by-laws of the Corporation without the assent or vote of the stockholders in any manner not inconsistent with the laws of the State of Delaware or this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders to alter, amend or repeal any provision of the by-laws of the Corporation or to adopt any provision inconsistent therewith.

ARTICLE VI

Section 6.1. Board of Directors: Composition.

(A)The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board consisting of not less than three directors or more than fifteen directors, the exact number of directors to be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by affirmative vote of a majority of the Board. Any directors that may be elected by the holders of any series of Preferred Stock shall be included within the number of directors fixed by or pursuant to this Section 6.1(A).

10

(B)At each annual meeting of stockholders, directors shall be elected for a term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders. In no case shall a decrease in the number of directors remove or shorten the term of any incumbent director.

(C)A majority of the total number of directors then in office (but not less than one-third of the number of directors constituting the entire Board) shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; provided, that a quorum shall not be constituted unless directors who are neither officers nor employees of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries represent a majority of the directors present. Except as otherwise provided by law, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation or the by-laws of the Corporation, the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board.

(D)A director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office.

(E)Directors need not be elected by written ballot unless the by-laws shall so provide.

Section 6.2. Board of Directors: Vacancies. Any newly created directorship on the Board that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring in the Board shall be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director elected to fill a vacancy or newly created directorship shall serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify, subject, however, to prior death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal from office.

Section 6.3. Removal of Directors. Directors may be removed with or without cause, by the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.

Section 6.4. Election of Directors by Preferred Stock Holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, whenever the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately as a series or separately as a class with one or more such other series, to elect directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, the election, term of office, removal, filling of vacancies and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including any certificate of designations relating to any series of Preferred Stock) applicable thereto.

ARTICLE VII

Section 7.1. Meetings of Stockholders. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the holders of the Common Stock of the Corporation must be effected at a duly called annual or special meeting of such holders and may not be effected by any consent in writing by such holders; provided, however, that any action required or permitted to be taken by the holders of Class B Common Stock, voting separately as a class, or, to the extent expressly permitted by the certificate of designation relating to one or more series of Preferred Stock, by the holders of such series of Preferred Stock, voting separately as a series or separately as a class with one or more other such series, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding shares of the relevant class or series having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in Delaware, its principal place of business, or to an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Except as otherwise required by law and subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called as set forth in the Corporation’s by-laws.

11

ARTICLE VIII

Section 8.1. Limited Liability of Directors and Officers. No director or officer of the Corporation will have any personal liability to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, as applicable, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or hereafter may be amended. Solely for purposes of this Article VIII, “officer” shall have the meaning provided in Section 102(b)(7) of the DGCL, as amended from time to time. Neither the amendment nor the repeal of this Article VIII shall eliminate or reduce the effect thereof in respect of any matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article VIII would accrue or arise, prior to such amendment or repeal.

ARTICLE IX

Section 9.1. Indemnification. To the fullest extent permitted by the law of the State of Delaware as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify any person (and such person’s heirs, executors or administrators) who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding (brought in the right of the Corporation or otherwise), whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal, including appeals, by reason of the fact that such person, or a person for whom such person was the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, limited liability company, nonprofit entity or other enterprise, for and against all loss and liability suffered and expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement reasonably incurred by such person or such heirs, executors or administrators in connection with such action, suit or proceeding, including appeals. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.3, the Corporation shall be required to indemnify a person described in such sentence in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such person only if the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) by such person was authorized by the Board.

Section 9.2. Advance of Expenses. To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Corporation shall promptly pay expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by any person described in Section 9.1 in appearing at, participating in or defending any action, suit or proceeding in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding, including appeals, upon presentation of an undertaking on behalf of such person to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article IX or otherwise. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.3, the Corporation shall be required to pay expenses of a person described in such sentence in connection with any action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such person only if the commencement of such action, suit or proceeding (or part thereof) by such person was authorized by the Board.

Section 9.3. Unpaid Claims. If a claim for indemnification (following the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding) or advancement of expenses under this Article IX is not paid in full within thirty days after a written claim therefor by any person described in Section 9.1 has been received by the Corporation, such person may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that such person is not entitled to the requested indemnification or advancement of expenses under applicable law.

Section 9.4. Insurance. To the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person described in Section 9.1 against any liability asserted against such person, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article IX or otherwise.

12

Section 9.5. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The provisions of this Article IX shall be applicable to all actions, claims, suits or proceedings made or commenced after the adoption hereof, whether arising from acts or omissions to act occurring before or after its adoption. The provisions of this Article IX shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each director or officer (or legal representative thereof) who serves in such capacity at any time while this Article IX and the relevant provisions of the laws of the State of Delaware and other applicable law, if any, are in effect, and any alteration, amendment, or repeal hereof shall not affect any rights or obligations then existing with respect to any state of facts or any action, suit or proceeding then or theretofore existing, or any action, suit or proceeding thereafter brought or threatened based in whole or in part on any such state of facts. If any provision of this Article IX shall be found to be invalid or limited in application by reason of any law or regulation, it shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions hereof. The rights of indemnification provided in this Article IX shall neither be exclusive of, nor be deemed in limitation of, any rights to which any person may otherwise be or become entitled or permitted by contract, this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, the by-laws of the Corporation, vote of stockholders or directors or otherwise, or as a matter of law, both as to actions in such person’s official capacity and actions in any other capacity, it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of any person whom the Corporation is obligated to indemnify pursuant to Section 9.1 shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Section 9.6. For purposes of this Article IX, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the Corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries.

Section 9.7. This Article IX shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to, and purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of, persons other than persons described in Section 9.1.

ARTICLE X

Section 10.1. Severability. If any provision or provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any circumstance for any reason whatsoever: (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (ii) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in respect of their good faith service to or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law.

ARTICLE XI

Section 11.1. Section 203 of the DGCL. The Corporation hereby expressly elects not to be subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL.

Section 11.2. Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall not engage in any business combination (as defined below), with any interested stockholder (as defined below) for a period of three (3) years following the time that such stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless:

13

(A)prior to such time, the Board approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, or

(B)upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least eighty-five percent (85%) of the voting stock (as defined below) of the Corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by (i) persons who are directors and also officers of the Corporation and (ii) employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer, or

(C)at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by the Board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation which is not owned by the interested stockholder.

Section 11.3. Exceptions to Prohibition. The restrictions contained in this Article XI shall not apply if:

(A)a stockholder becomes an interested stockholder inadvertently and (i) as soon as practicable divests itself of ownership of sufficient shares so that the stockholder ceases to be an interested stockholder; and (ii) would not, at any time within the three-year period immediately prior to a business combination between the Corporation and such stockholder, have been an interested stockholder but for the inadvertent acquisition of ownership; or

(B)the business combination is proposed prior to the consummation or abandonment of and subsequent to the earlier of the public announcement or the notice required hereunder of a proposed transaction which (i) constitutes one of the transactions described in the second sentence of this Section 11.3(B) of Article XI; (ii) is with or by a person who either was not an interested stockholder during the previous three years or who became an interested stockholder with the approval of the Board; and (iii) is approved or not opposed by a majority of the directors then in office (but not less than one) who were directors prior to any person becoming an interested stockholder during the previous three (3) years or were recommended for election or elected to succeed such directors by a majority of such directors. The proposed transactions referred to in the preceding sentence are limited to (x) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation (except for a merger in respect of which, pursuant to Section 251(f) of the DGCL, no vote of the stockholders of the Corporation is required); (y) a sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions), whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Corporation or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation (other than to any direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary or to the Corporation) having an aggregate market value equal to fifty percent (50%) or more of either that aggregate market value of all of the assets of the Corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding stock of the Corporation; or (z) a proposed tender or exchange offer for fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation. The Corporation shall give not less than twenty (20) days’ notice to all interested stockholders prior to the consummation of any of the transactions described in clause (x) or (y) of the second sentence of this Section 11.3(B) of Article XI.

Section 11.4. Certain Definitions. Solely for purposes of this Article XI, references to:

(A)“affiliate” means a person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is controlled by, or is under common control with, another person.

14

(B)“associate,” when used to indicate a relationship with any person, means: (i) any corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity of which such person is a director, officer or partner or is, directly or indirectly, the owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of any class of voting stock; (ii) any trust or other estate in which such person has at least a twenty percent (20%) beneficial interest or as to which such person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary capacity; and (iii) any relative or spouse of such person, or any relative of such spouse, who has the same residence as such person.

(C)“business combination,” when used in reference to the Corporation and any interested stockholder of the Corporation, means:

(1)any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation

(a)with the interested stockholder, or

(b)with any other corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity if the merger or consolidation is caused by the interested stockholder and as a result of such merger or consolidation Section 11.2 is not applicable to the surviving entity;

(2)any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions), except proportionately as a stockholder of the Corporation, to or with the interested stockholder, whether as part of a dissolution or otherwise, of assets of the Corporation or of any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which assets have an aggregate market value equal to ten percent (10%) or more of either the aggregate market value of all the assets of the Corporation determined on a consolidated basis or the aggregate market value of all the outstanding stock of the Corporation;

(3)any transaction which results in the issuance or transfer by the Corporation or by any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation of any stock of the Corporation or of such subsidiary to the interested stockholder, except:

(a)pursuant to the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for, exchangeable for or convertible into stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary which securities were outstanding prior to the time that the interested stockholder became such;

(b)pursuant to a merger under Section 251(g) of the DGCL;

(c)pursuant to a dividend or distribution paid or made, or the exercise, exchange or conversion of securities exercisable for, exchangeable for or convertible into stock of the Corporation or any such subsidiary which security is distributed, pro rata to all holders of a class or series of stock of the Corporation subsequent to the time the interested stockholder became such;

(d)pursuant to an exchange offer by the Corporation to purchase stock made on the same terms to all holders of said stock; or

(e)any issuance or transfer of stock by the Corporation; provided, however, that in no case under items (c)-(e) of this subsection (3) shall there be an increase in the interested stockholder’s proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the Corporation or of the voting stock of the Corporation (except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments);

(4)any transaction involving the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing

15

the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series, or securities convertible into the stock of any class or series, of the Corporation or of any such subsidiary which is owned by the interested stockholder, except as a result of immaterial changes due to fractional share adjustments or as a result of any purchase or redemption of any shares of stock not caused, directly or indirectly, by the interested stockholder; or

(5)Any receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit, directly or indirectly (except proportionately as a stockholder of the Corporation), of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits (other than those expressly permitted in subsections (C)(1)-(4) of this Section 11.4) provided by or through the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary.

(D)“control,” including the terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with,” means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a person, whether through the ownership of voting stock, by contract, or otherwise. A person who is the owner of twenty percent (20%) or more of the outstanding voting stock of any corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity shall be presumed to have control of such entity, in the absence of proof by a preponderance of the evidence to the contrary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a presumption of control shall not apply where such person holds voting stock, in good faith and not for the purpose of circumventing this Article XI, as an agent, bank, broker, nominee, custodian or trustee for one or more owners who do not individually or as a group have control of such entity.

(E)“interested stockholder” means any person (other than the Corporation or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the Corporation) that (i) is the owner of fifteen percent (15%) or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation, or (ii) is an affiliate or associate of the Corporation and was the owner of fifteen percent (15%) or more of the outstanding voting stock of the Corporation at any time within the three (3) year period immediately prior to the date on which it is sought to be determined whether such person is an interested stockholder; and the affiliates and associates of such person; but “interested stockholder” shall not include any person whose ownership of shares in excess of the fifteen percent (15%) limitation set forth herein is the result of action taken solely by the Corporation; provided that such person shall be an interested stockholder if thereafter such person acquires additional shares of voting stock of the Corporation, except as a result of further corporate action not caused, directly or indirectly, by such person. For the purpose of determining whether a person is an interested stockholder, the voting stock of the Corporation deemed to be outstanding shall include stock deemed to be owned by the person through application of the definition of “owner” below but shall not include any other unissued stock of the Corporation which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or options, or otherwise.

(F)“owner,” including the terms “own” and “owned,” when used with respect to any stock, means a person that individually or with or through any of its affiliates or associates:

(1)beneficially owns such stock, directly or indirectly;

(2)has

(a)the right to acquire such stock (whether such right is exercisable immediately or only after the passage of time) pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the exercise of conversion rights, exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the owner of stock tendered pursuant to a tender or exchange offer made by such person or any of such person’s affiliates or associates until such tendered stock is accepted for purchase or exchange; or

16

(b)the right to vote such stock pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; provided, however, that a person shall not be deemed the owner of any stock because of such person’s right to vote such stock if the agreement, arrangement or understanding to vote such stock arises solely from a revocable proxy or consent given in response to a proxy or consent solicitation made to ten (10) or more persons; or

(3)has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting (except voting pursuant to a revocable proxy or consent as described in item (b) of subsection (2) above), or disposing of such stock with any other person that beneficially owns, or whose affiliates or associates beneficially own, directly or indirectly, such stock.

(G)“person” means any individual, corporation, partnership, unincorporated association or other entity.

(H)“stock” means, with respect to any corporation, capital stock and, with respect to any other entity, any equity interest.

(I)“voting stock” means, with respect to any corporation, stock of any class or series entitled to vote generally in the election of directors and, with respect to any entity that is not a corporation, any equity interest entitled to vote generally in the election of the governing body of such entity. Every reference to a percentage of voting stock shall refer to such percentage of the votes of such voting stock.

* * *

17

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Restated Certificate of Incorporation to be signed by Gina Accordino, Corporate Secretary of the Corporation, on June 25, 2025.

Mastercard Incorporated

By: /s/ Gina Accordino

Name: Gina Accordino

Title: Corporate Secretary

18


===== exb32-06242025.htm (EX-3.2 / EX-3.2) =====
EX-3.2
3
exb32-06242025.htm
EX-3.2

Document

Exhibit 3.2

AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS
OF
MASTERCARD INCORPORATED

ARTICLE I
STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1.The annual meeting of the stockholders of Mastercard Incorporated (the “Corporation”) for the purpose of electing directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting shall be held on such date, and at such time and place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the “Board”).

Section 2.(A) Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called only (i) by or at the direction of the Board, the Chairperson of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, or (ii) upon the written request delivered to the Secretary in the manner provided in Section 2(B), signed and dated by one or more stockholders of record, or beneficial owners, if any, of the Corporation (the “Requesting Stockholders”) who own, and, in each case, who have owned continuously for at least one year not less than 15% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote on each of the matters proposed to be considered at such special meeting (the “Requisite Percentage”) (measured as of the Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date, as defined below, if applicable) and who have complied with all respects of this Section 2. Subject to these By-Laws, any special meeting shall be held on such date, at such time and place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware as may be designated by the Board.

(B) To be in proper form, any request or requests for a special meeting pursuant to Section 2(A)(ii) above (each, a “Special Meeting Request” and, collectively, the “Special Meeting Requests”) (i) must be delivered in accordance with Section 2(A)(ii) by one or more Requesting Stockholders who (a) at the time each Special Meeting Request is delivered, own or are acting on behalf of persons who own and, in each case, who have owned continuously for at least one year, the Requisite Percentage (measured as of the Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date, if applicable); (b) shall not have revoked such Special Meeting Request; and (c) shall continue to own not less than the Requisite Percentage through the date of the special meeting; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, one or more Special Meeting Requests that have been obtained by an Initiating Stockholder (as defined below) pursuant to a Requisite Percentage Solicitation (as defined below) under Section 2(E) of this Article I only need to evidence that the stockholders of record or the beneficial owners on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is delivered owned the relevant Class A Common Stock as of the appropriate Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date and continuously for at least one year prior to such date; (ii) must provide a statement of the specific purpose or purposes of the special meeting, the matter(s) proposed to be acted on at the special meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the special meeting and any material interest in such business of each Requesting Stockholder; (iii) must contain (a) such information and representations required by these By-Laws as though such Requesting Stockholders are intending to nominate a candidate for director or propose other business to be brought before an annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to Section 12(A) of this Article I, and (b) without limitation of the foregoing clause (a), the text of any resolutions proposed to be considered and, in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the By-Laws, the language of the proposed amendment; (iv) must contain (a) an agreement by the Requesting Stockholders to notify the Corporation promptly in the event of any disposition following the date of the Special Meeting Request of Class A Common Stock of

the Corporation owned by the Requesting Stockholders and (b) an acknowledgement that any such disposition prior to the date of the special meeting shall be deemed to be a revocation of such Special Meeting Request with respect to such disposed shares and that such shares will no longer be included in determining whether the Requisite Percentage has been satisfied; and (v) must provide documentary evidence that, at the time the Special Meeting Request is delivered to the Secretary, the Requesting Stockholders own the Requisite Percentage (measured as of the Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date, if applicable) and have owned the Requisite Percentage continuously for at least one year as of such date; provided, however, that if the Requesting Stockholders are not the beneficial owners of the shares representing the Requisite Percentage, then to be valid, the Special Meeting Request must also include documentary evidence (or, such evidence must be delivered to the Secretary within ten days after delivery of the Special Meeting Request) that the beneficial owners on whose behalf the Special Meeting Request is made beneficially own the Requisite Percentage at the time such Special Meeting Request is delivered to the Secretary (measured as of the Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date, if applicable) and have owned the Requisite Percentage continuously for at least one year as of such date.

In determining whether a request for a special meeting has been properly made in accordance with Section 2(A)(ii), multiple Special Meeting Requests delivered to the Secretary will be considered together only if (i) each Special Meeting Request identifies substantially the same purpose or purposes of the special meeting and substantially the same matters proposed to be acted on at such meeting (in each case, as determined in good faith by the Board) (which, if such purpose is the removal of directors, will mean that the exact same person or persons are proposed for removal in each relevant Special Meeting Request), and (ii) such Special Meeting Requests have been delivered to the Secretary in the manner provided in this Section 2(B) and are received by the Secretary within sixty days of the earliest dated Special Meeting Request.

Any Requesting Stockholder may revoke his, her or its Special Meeting Request at any time prior to the date of the special meeting by delivery of a written revocation to the Secretary. If, following such revocation there are unrevoked requests from Requesting Stockholders holding in the aggregate less than the Requisite Percentage, the Board, in its discretion, may cancel the special meeting. If none of the Requesting Stockholders who submitted a Special Meeting Request appears or sends a duly authorized representative to present the business proposed to be conducted at the special meeting, the Corporation need not present such business for a vote at such special meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such matter may have been received by the Corporation.

Any Special Meeting Request (or revocation thereof) or request for a Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date and any information required to be delivered to the Secretary or the Corporation hereunder (including any update or supplement thereto), must be delivered by hand or by registered U.S. mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested or courier service, postage prepaid, to the attention of the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation.

For purposes of this Section 2, the terms “ownership,” “owned,” “owning” and other variations of the word “own” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 12(C) of these By-Laws.

(C) The Secretary shall not be required to call a special meeting pursuant to Section 2(A)(ii) if, in the good faith determination of the Board, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Corporation and its stockholders, (i) the Special Meeting Request does not comply with these By-Laws; (ii) the matter(s) set forth in the Special

2

Meeting Request, relates to an item of business that is not a proper matter for stockholder action under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”); (iii) the Special Meeting Request is received by the Secretary during the period commencing 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders and ending on the earlier of (x) the date of the next annual meeting and (y) thirty days after the first anniversary of the date of the previous meeting; (iv) an identical or substantially similar item of business, as determined in good faith by the Board in its sole and absolute discretion, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Corporation and its stockholders (a “Similar Item”), other than the election of directors, was presented at a meeting of stockholders held not more than twelve months before the Special Meeting Request is received by the Secretary; (v) a Similar Item was presented at a meeting of stockholders held not more than 120 days before the Special Meeting Request is received by the Secretary; (vi) a Similar Item is included in the Corporation’s notice of meeting as an item of business to be brought before an annual meeting or special meeting that has been called but not yet held or that is called for 120 days after the Special Meeting Request is received by the Secretary; or (vii) the Special Meeting Request was made in a manner that involved a violation of Regulation 14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or other applicable law. For purposes of this Section 2(C), the nomination, election or removal of directors shall be deemed to be a Similar Item with respect to all actions involving the nomination, election or removal of directors, changing the size of the Board and filling of vacancies and/or newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors.

(D) A special meeting called pursuant to Section 2(A)(ii) shall be held at such date, time and place, if any, as may be fixed by the Board in accordance with these By-Laws, provided, however, that the special meeting shall not be held more than 120 days after receipt by the Corporation of a valid Special Meeting Request. In fixing a date and time for any Stockholder Requested Special Meeting, the Board may consider such factors as it deems relevant, including, without limitation, the nature of the matters to be considered, the facts and circumstances surrounding any request for the meeting and any plan of the Board to call an annual meeting or a special meeting. Each Requesting Stockholder is required to (i) update and supplement the notice delivered pursuant to Section 2(B), if necessary so that it is true and correct as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the special meeting, not later than ten days following the later of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the special meeting or the date notice of such record date is first publicly disclosed to provide any material changes in the foregoing information as of such record date, (ii) update and supplement the notice delivered pursuant to Section 2(B) in accordance with the requirements under Section 12(A) of this Article I as if such requirements applied herein mutatis mutandis and (iii) promptly provide any other information reasonably requested by the Corporation. For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this Section 2(D) shall not limit the Corporation’s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any request provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines under these By-Laws or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted a request under these By-Laws to amend or update any proposal or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business and/or resolutions proposed to be brought before the special meeting of stockholders.

(E) Notwithstanding any other provision of these By-Laws, any stockholder (an “Initiating Stockholder”) seeking to engage in a solicitation (as such term is defined under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, but disregarding clause (iv) of Rule 14a-1(l)(2) and including any otherwise exempt solicitation pursuant to Rule 14a-2(b)) to attain the Requisite Percentage (a “Requisite Percentage Solicitation”) shall first deliver to the Secretary a request that the Board fix a record date to determine the stockholders entitled to deliver a Special Meeting Request (the “Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date”). Such request shall (i) contain a representation that the Initiating Stockholder plans to engage in a Requisite Percentage Solicitation to attain the Requisite Percentage; (ii) provide a statement of the specific purpose or purposes of the special meeting, the matter(s) proposed to be conducted at the special meeting, the reasons for conducting such business

3

at the special meeting and any material interest in such business of each Initiating Stockholder; and (iii) contain, with respect to the Initiating Stockholder and each person that is part of a group (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder) with the Initiating Stockholder, the information that would be required in or with a stockholder’s notice of a nomination or other business pursuant to Section 12(A) of this Article I and the information described in this clause (E) shall be updated and supplemented in accordance with the requirements of Section 2(D) of this Article I. Following delivery of a request for a Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date, the Board may, by the later of (x) ten days after delivery of such request, and (y) five days after delivery of all information requested by the Corporation to determine the validity of such request, determine the validity of such request and, if appropriate, adopt a resolution fixing the Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date. The Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date shall be no more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date is adopted by the Board and shall not precede the date such resolution is adopted. If no Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date has been fixed by the Board by the date required by the third sentence of this paragraph, the Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date shall be at the close of business on the first date on which a valid request for the Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation. To be valid, any Special Meeting Request that has been the subject of a Requisite Percentage Solicitation must be delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation no earlier than the applicable Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date and no later than sixty days after the applicable Requisite Percentage Solicitation Record Date.

(F) To be properly brought before a special meeting, business must be (i) specified in the Corporation’s notice of the meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by or at the direction of the Board or (ii) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board. Business transacted at any special meeting as a result of a valid Special Meeting Request shall be limited to (x) the purpose(s) stated in the Special Meeting Request(s) received from the Requisite Percentage of Requesting Stockholders and (y) any additional matters the Board determines to include in the Corporation’s notice of the special meeting. Except as otherwise provided by the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or these By-Laws, the chairperson of the special meeting (or the Board of Directors in advance of the special meeting) shall have the power and authority to determine whether any business proposed to be brought before a special meeting was proposed in accordance with the foregoing procedures. No business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders except in accordance with this Section 2 or as required by the DGCL.

Section 3.Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or these By-Laws, notice of the date, time, place (if any), the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting) and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes of the meeting of stockholders shall be given not more than sixty, nor less than ten, days previous thereto, to each stockholder entitled to vote at the meeting as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting at such address as appears on the records of the Corporation.

Section 4.The holders of a majority in voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business, except as otherwise provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation; but if at any meeting of stockholders there shall be less than a quorum present, the chairperson of the meeting or, if directed to be voted upon by the chairperson of the meeting, the stockholders holding a majority of the voting power present and entitled to vote on the matter, may, to the extent permitted by law, adjourn the meeting from time to time (including to address a technical failure to convene or continue a meeting using

4

remote communication) without further notice if the time and place, if any, of the meeting and the means of remote communication, if any, by which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed present in person and may vote at such meeting are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 3. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a new record date for stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the Board shall fix a new record date for notice of such adjourned meeting, and shall give notice of the adjourned meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such adjourned meeting as of the record date for notice of such adjourned meeting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required by law or the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of such class or series or classes or series entitled to vote on such matter, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to take action with respect to that vote on that matter.

Section 5.The Chairperson of the Board, or in the Chairperson’s absence or at the Chairperson’s direction, the Chief Executive Officer, or in the Chief Executive Officer’s absence or at the Chief Executive Officer’s direction, any officer of the Corporation shall call all meetings of the stockholders to order and shall act as chairperson of any such meetings. The Secretary of the Corporation or, in such officer’s absence, an Assistant Secretary shall act as secretary of the meeting. If neither the Secretary nor an Assistant Secretary is present, the chairperson of the meeting shall appoint a secretary of the meeting. Unless otherwise determined by the Board prior to the meeting, the chairperson of the meeting shall determine the order of business and shall have the authority in his or her discretion to regulate the conduct of any such meeting, including, without limitation, convening the meeting and adjourning the meeting (whether or not a quorum is present), imposing restrictions on the persons (other than stockholders of record of the Corporation or their duly appointed proxies) who may attend any such meeting, whether any stockholder or stockholder’s proxy may be excluded from any meeting of stockholders based upon any determination by the chairperson of the meeting, in his or her sole discretion, that any such person has unduly disrupted or is likely to disrupt the proceedings thereat, and the circumstances in which any person may make a statement or ask questions at any meeting of stockholders.

Section 6.At all meetings of stockholders, any stockholder entitled to vote thereat shall be entitled to vote in person or by proxy, but no proxy shall be voted after three years from its date, unless such proxy provides for a longer period. Without limiting the manner in which a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for the stockholder as proxy pursuant to the DGCL, the following shall constitute a valid means by which a stockholder may grant such authority: (1) a stockholder or the stockholder’s authorized officer, director, employee or agent may execute a document authorizing another person or persons to act for such stockholder as proxy; or (2) a stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for the stockholder as proxy by transmitting or authorizing the transmission of an electronic transmission to the person who will be the holder of the proxy or to a proxy solicitation firm, proxy support service organization or like agent duly authorized by the person who will be the holder of the proxy to receive such transmission, provided that any such transmission must either set forth or be submitted with information from which it can be determined that the transmission was authorized by the stockholder. If it is determined that such transmissions are valid, the inspector or inspectors of stockholder votes or, if there are no such inspectors, such other persons making that determination shall specify the information upon which they relied.

5

Any copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reliable reproduction of the document (including any electronic transmission) created pursuant to the preceding paragraph of this Section 6 may be substituted or used in lieu of the original document for any and all purposes for which the original document could be used, provided that such copy, facsimile telecommunication or other reproduction shall be a complete reproduction of the entire original document.

Proxies shall be filed with the secretary of the meeting prior to or at the commencement of the meeting to which they relate.

Section 7.When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the votes cast shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, these By-Laws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation or applicable law or regulation, a different or minimum vote is required, in which case such different or minimum vote shall govern and control the decision of such question. Notwithstanding the foregoing, where a separate vote by a class or series or classes or series is required and a quorum is present with respect to that vote, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shares of such class or series or classes or series entitled to vote on such matter shall be the act of such class or series or classes or series, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, these By-Laws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation or applicable law or regulation, a different or minimum vote is required, in which case such different or minimum shall govern and control the decision of such question.

Section 8.(A) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which record date shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. If the Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board may fix a new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting.

(B) In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date on which the resolutions fixing the record date were adopted, and which record date shall not be more than sixty days prior to such other action. If no such record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto.

6

Section 9.At any time when the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation permits action by the holders of one or more classes of stock of the Corporation to be taken by written consent, the provisions of this section shall apply to those holders so entitled to act by written consent. All consents shall be delivered to the Corporation in accordance with the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, this section and the DGCL. No written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless written consents signed by the holders of a sufficient number of shares to take such corporate action are validly delivered to the Corporation within sixty days of the first date on which a consent is so delivered to the Corporation. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders entitled thereto under the DGCL. Any action taken pursuant to such written consent or consents of the stockholders shall have the same force and effect as if taken by the stockholders at a meeting thereof. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the Board may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board, and which date shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board. If no record date has been fixed by the Board, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board is required by statute, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. If no record date has been fixed by the Board and prior action by the Board is required by statute, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

Section 10.The Corporation shall prepare, no later than the tenth day before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (provided, however, if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote is less than ten days before the date of the meeting, the list shall reflect the stockholders entitled to vote as of the tenth day before the meeting date), arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a period of ten (10) days ending on the day before the meeting date: (i) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to such list is provided with the notice of the meeting, or (ii) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. In the event that the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that such information is available only to stockholders of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the list of stockholders required by this Section 10 or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders.

Section 11.The Board, in advance of all meetings of the stockholders, shall appoint one or more inspectors of stockholder votes, who may be employees or agents of the Corporation or stockholders or their proxies, but not directors of the Corporation or candidates for office. In the event that the Board fails to so appoint one or more inspectors of stockholder votes or, in the event that one or more inspectors of stockholder votes previously designated by the Board fails to appear or act at the meeting of stockholders, the chairperson of the meeting may appoint one or more inspectors of stockholder votes to fill such vacancy or vacancies. Inspectors of stockholder votes appointed to act at any meeting of the stockholders, before entering upon the discharge of their duties, shall take and sign an oath to faithfully execute the duties of inspector of stockholder votes with strict impartiality and according to the best of their ability and the oath so taken shall be subscribed by them. Inspectors of stockholder votes shall, subject to the power of the

7

chairperson of the meeting to open and close the polls, take charge of the polls, and, after the voting, shall make a certificate of the result of the vote taken.

Section 12.

(A)Annual Meetings of Stockholders.

(i)Nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of other business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders only (a) pursuant to the Corporation’s notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) delivered pursuant to Article I, Section 3 of these By-Laws, (b) by or at the direction of the Board or any authorized committee thereof, (c) by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote on such election or such business at the meeting, who complied with the notice procedures set forth in subparagraphs (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph (A) of this By-Law including, without limitation, providing timely updates and supplements to the information contained therein, and who was a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation and at the time of the annual meeting or (d) pursuant to a Proxy Access Nomination (as defined below) in the case of stockholder nominations to be included in the Corporation’s proxy statement for an annual meeting, by a Nominator or Nominator Group (each as defined below) who satisfies the notice, ownership and other requirements of paragraph (C) of this By-Law.

(ii)For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to Section 12(A)(i)(c), the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation, and, in the case of business other than nominations of persons for election to the Board, such other business must be a proper matter for stockholder action. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice shall be delivered to the Secretary in the manner provided in Section 12(D)(iii) of these By-Laws not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting; provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than twenty days, or delayed by more than seventy days, from such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made.

Such stockholder’s notice shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director (i) all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, including such person’s written consent to being named in the Corporation’s proxy statement and associated proxy card as a nominee and to serving as a director for the full term if elected, (ii) a statement affirming that such proposed nominee is qualified to serve as a director of the Corporation under Article II of these By-Laws, (iii) completed signed questionnaire(s), representation(s) and agreement(s) required by Section 12(D)(vi) of these By-Laws and (iv) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary agreements, arrangements and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among the stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Persons (as defined in Section 12(D)(ii) of these Bylaws) on the one hand, and each such proposed nominee and his or her respective affiliates and associates on the other hand, including, without limitation, all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 promulgated under Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act if the stockholder making the nomination or any such Stockholder Associated Persons were the “registrant” for purposes of such rule and the nominee were a director or executive

8

officer of such registrant; (b) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and, in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend these By-Laws, the language of the proposed amendment), the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Persons; (c) as to the stockholder giving the notice and any Stockholder Associated Persons (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation’s books, and of any Stockholder Associated Persons, (ii) the class or series and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Persons, (iii) a representation that the stockholder intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination and (iv) a representation whether the stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Persons intends or is part of a group which intends (A) to deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders (including any beneficial owners pursuant to Rule 14b-1 and Rule 14b-2 of the Exchange Act) of, in the case of a business proposal, at least the percentage of the Corporation’s outstanding capital stock that is required to approve or adopt the proposal, and, in the case of a nominee, at least the percentage of the Corporation’s outstanding capital stock that is reasonably believed by such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Persons to be sufficient to elect the nominee, (B) otherwise to solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination and/or (C) to solicit proxies in support of any proposed nominee in accordance with Rule 14a-19 under the Exchange Act; (d) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the nomination or proposal and/or the voting of shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation between or among the stockholder giving the notice and any Stockholder Associated Persons, including any agreements that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 5 or Item 6 of Exchange Act Schedule 13D, regardless of whether the requirement to file a Schedule 13D is applicable); (e) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including without limitation any contract to purchase or sell, acquisition or grant of any option, right or warrant to purchase or sell, swap or other instrument) the intent or effect of which may be (i) to transfer to or from any Stockholder Associated Person, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any security of the Corporation, (ii) to increase or decrease the voting power of any Stockholder Associated Persons with respect to shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation and/or (iii) to provide any Stockholder Associated Persons, directly or indirectly, with the opportunity to profit or share in any profit derived from, or to otherwise benefit economically from, any increase or decrease in the value of any security of the Corporation; (f) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, convertible securities, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into as of the date of the stockholder’s notice by, or on behalf of, such stockholder and any Stockholder Associated Persons, whether or not such instrument or right shall be subject to settlement in underlying shares of capital stock of the Corporation, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Persons, with respect to securities of the Corporation, (g) a description of any proxy (other than a revocable proxy given in response to a public proxy solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Exchange Act), agreement, arrangement, understanding or relationship pursuant to which such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Persons has or shares a right, directly or indirectly, to vote any shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, (h) a description of any rights to dividends or other distributions on the shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation, directly or indirectly, owned beneficially by such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Persons that are separated or separable from the underlying shares of the Corporation, and (i) a

9

description of any performance-related fees (other than an asset based fee) that such stockholder or any Stockholder Associated Persons, directly or indirectly, is entitled to based on any increase or decrease in the value of shares of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation or any interests described in clause (f). A stockholder providing notice of a proposed nomination for election to the Board or other business proposed to be brought before a meeting (whether given pursuant to this paragraph (A)(ii) or paragraph (B) of this By-Law) shall update and supplement such notice from time to time to the extent necessary so that the information provided or required to be provided in such notice shall be true and correct as of the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting and as of the date that is 15 days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof; such update and supplement shall be delivered in writing to the Secretary in the manner provided in Section 12(D)(iii) of these By-Laws not later than 5 days after the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of such record date), and not later than 10 days prior to the date for the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of 15 days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). For the avoidance of doubt, the obligation to update and supplement as set forth in this Section 12(A)(ii) or any other Section of these By-Laws shall not limit the Corporation’s rights with respect to any deficiencies in any notice provided by a stockholder, extend any applicable deadlines under these By-Laws or enable or be deemed to permit a stockholder who has previously submitted a notice under these By-Laws to amend or update any proposal or to submit any new proposal, including by changing or adding nominees, matters, business and/or resolutions proposed to be brought before a meeting of stockholders. The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation, or that could be material to a reasonable stockholder’s understanding of the independence, or lack thereof, of such nominee.

(iii)Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of paragraph (A)(ii) of this By-Law to the contrary, in the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Board of the Corporation is increased and there is no public announcement naming all of the nominees for director or specifying the size of the increased Board made by the Corporation at least eighty days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting, a stockholder’s notice required by this By-Law shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to the Secretary in the manner provided in Section 12(D)(iii) of these By-Laws not later than the close of business on the tenth day following the day on which a public announcement of such increase is first made by the Corporation before the meeting; provided that, if no such announcement is made at least ten days before the meeting, then no such notice shall be required.

(B)Special Meetings of Stockholders.

Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation’s notice of meeting pursuant to Article I, Section 2 of these By-Laws. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation’s notice of meeting (i) in respect of a meeting validly called by or at the direction of the Board, the Chairperson of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation pursuant to Section 2(A)(i) or upon the request of stockholders pursuant to Section 2(A)(ii) or (ii) provided that the Board has determined that directors shall be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is entitled to vote on such election at the meeting, who complies with the notice procedures

10

set forth in this By-Law and who is a stockholder of record at the time such notice is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation and at the time of the special meeting. In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more directors to the Board, any such stockholder entitled to vote in such election of directors may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation’s notice of meeting if the stockholder’s notice as required by paragraph (A)(ii) of this By-Law shall be delivered to the Secretary in the manner provided in Section 12(D)(iii) of these By-Laws not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such special meeting or the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made by the Corporation of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting.

(C)Proxy Access for Director Nominations.

(i)Whenever the Board solicits proxies with respect to the election of directors at an annual meeting, in addition to any persons nominated for election to the Board by or at the direction of the Board or any committee thereof, subject to the provisions of this paragraph (C), the Corporation shall (a) include in its notice of meeting and proxy materials, as applicable, for any annual meeting of stockholders (1) the name of any person nominated for election (the “Stockholder Nominee”) by a stockholder of record as of the date that the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination (as defined below) is received by the Corporation in accordance with this paragraph (C) who is entitled to vote at the annual meeting and who satisfies the notice, ownership and other requirements of this paragraph (C) (a “Nominator”) or by a group of no more than 20 such stockholders (a “Nominator Group”) that, collectively as a Nominator Group, satisfies the notice, ownership and other requirements of this paragraph (C) applicable to a Nominator Group; provided that, in the case of a Nominator Group, each member thereof (each a “Group Member”) shall have satisfied the notice, ownership and other requirements of this paragraph (C) applicable to Group Members, and (2) subject to subparagraph (viii) of this paragraph (C) if the Nominator or the Nominator Group, as applicable, so elects, the Nomination Statement (as defined below) furnished by such Nominator or Nominator Group; and (b) include such Stockholder Nominee’s name on any ballot distributed at such annual meeting and on the Corporation’s proxy card (or any other format through which the Corporation permits proxies to be submitted) distributed in connection with such annual meeting. Nothing in this paragraph (C) shall limit the Corporation’s ability to solicit against, and include in its proxy materials its own statements relating to, any Stockholder Nominee, Nominator or Nominator Group, or to include such Stockholder Nominee as a nominee of the Board.

(ii)At each annual meeting, a Nominator or Nominator Group may nominate one or more Stockholder Nominees for election at such meeting pursuant to this paragraph (C); provided that, the maximum number of Stockholder Nominees nominated by all Nominators and Nominator Groups (including Stockholder Nominees that were submitted by a Nominator or Nominator Group for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this paragraph (C) but either are subsequently withdrawn, disregarded or declared invalid or ineligible pursuant to Article I, Section 12 of these By-Laws or that the Board determines to nominate as Board nominees) appearing in the Corporation’s proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting shall not exceed the greater of (a) two and (b) 20% of the total number of directors in office as of the Final Proxy Access Deadline (as defined below), or if such number is not a whole number, the closest whole number below 20% (the “Maximum Number”). The Maximum Number shall be reduced, but not below zero, by the sum of (x) the number of director candidates that are included in

11

the Corporation’s proxy materials with respect to such annual meeting as an unopposed (by the Corporation) nominee pursuant to an agreement, arrangement or other understanding with one or more stockholders (other than any such agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into in connection with an acquisition of capital stock of the Corporation by such stockholder or stockholders from the Corporation) and (y) the number of directors that the Board decides to nominate for re-election who were previously elected to the Board based on a nomination made pursuant to this paragraph (C) of this By-Law at one of the previous two annual meetings. If one or more vacancies for any reason occurs on the Board at any time after the Final Proxy Access Deadline but before the date of the applicable annual meeting and the Board resolves to reduce the size of the Board in connection therewith, the Maximum Number shall be calculated based on the number of directors in office as so reduced. Any Nominator or Nominator Group submitting more than one Stockholder Nominee for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this paragraph (C) shall rank in its Notice of Proxy Access Nomination such Stockholder Nominees based on the order that the Nominator or Nominator Group desires such Stockholder Nominees to be selected for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy materials in the event that the total number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Nominators or Nominator Groups pursuant to this paragraph (C) exceeds the Maximum Number. In the event that the number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Nominators or Nominator Groups pursuant to this paragraph (C) exceeds the Maximum Number, the highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this paragraph (C) from each Nominator and Nominator Group will be selected for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy materials until the Maximum Number is reached, beginning with the Nominator or Nominator Group with the largest number of shares disclosed as owned (as defined below) in its respective Notice of Proxy Access Nomination submitted to the Corporation and proceeding through each Nominator or Nominator Group in descending order of ownership. If the Maximum Number is not reached after the highest ranking Stockholder Nominee who meets the requirements of this paragraph (C) from each Nominator and Nominator Group has been selected, this process will continue as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the Maximum Number is reached. If, after the Final Proxy Access Deadline, whether before or after the mailing of the Corporation’s definitive proxy statement, (a) a Stockholder Nominee who satisfies the requirements of this paragraph (C) is thereafter nominated by the Board, (b) a Stockholder Nominee who satisfies the requirements of this paragraph (C) becomes ineligible for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this paragraph (C), becomes unwilling to serve on the Board, dies, becomes disabled or is otherwise disqualified from being nominated for election or serving as a director of the Corporation or (c) a Nominator or Nominator Group withdraws its nomination or becomes ineligible, in the case of clauses (b) or (c) as determined by the Board or the chairperson of the meeting, then the Stockholder Nominee shall be disregarded, no other nominee or nominees shall be included in the Corporation’s proxy materials or otherwise submitted for director election in substitution thereof and the Corporation (1) may omit from its proxy materials information concerning such Stockholder Nominee and (2) may otherwise communicate to its stockholders, including without limitation by amending or supplementing its proxy materials, that the Stockholder Nominee will not be eligible for election at the annual meeting and will not be included as a Stockholder Nominee in the proxy materials.

(iii)To be timely, the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination must be addressed to and received by the Secretary of the Corporation not less than 120 nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date on which the Corporation’s definitive proxy statement was released to stockholders in connection with the prior year’s annual meeting; provided, however, that if the annual meeting is convened more than 30 days prior to or delayed by more than 70 days after the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding year, the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination must be so received

12

not earlier than 120 days prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of (x) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or (y) the 10th day following the day on which a public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is first made (the last day on which a Notice of Proxy Access Nomination may be delivered pursuant to and in accordance with this paragraph (C), the “Final Proxy Access Deadline”); provided further that in no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting, or the public announcement thereof, commence a new time period or extend any time period as provided in this paragraph (C). The written notice required by this paragraph (C) (the “Notice of Proxy Access Nomination”) shall include:

(a)a written notice of the nomination by such Nominator or Nominator Group expressly electing to have its Stockholder Nominee included in the Corporation’s proxy materials pursuant to this paragraph (C) that includes, with respect to the Stockholder Nominee and the Nominator (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) or, in the case of a Nominator Group, with respect to each Group Member (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), all of the representations, agreements and other information required by paragraph (A) of this By-Law;

(b)if the Nominator or Nominator Group so elects, a written statement of the Nominator or the Nominator Group for inclusion in the Corporation’s proxy statement in support of the election of the Stockholder Nominee(s) to the Board, which statement shall not exceed 500 words with respect to each Stockholder Nominee (the “Nomination Statement”);

(c)in the case of a nomination by a Nominator Group, the designation by all Group Members of one specified Group Member that is authorized to act on behalf of all Group Members with respect to the nomination and matters related thereto, including withdrawal of the nomination;

(d)a representation by the Stockholder Nominee and the Nominator or, in the case of a Nominator Group, each Group Member, that such person has provided and will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Corporation and its stockholders, including without limitation the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination and the Nomination Statement, that are or will be true and correct in all material respects and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading;

(e)a statement of the Nominator (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), or, in the case of a Nominator Group, each Group Member (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), setting forth and certifying the number of shares such Nominator or Nominator Group is deemed to own (as determined in accordance with subparagraph (iv) of this paragraph (C)) continuously for at least three years as of the date of the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination and one or more written statements from the stockholder of record of the Required Shares (as defined below), and from each intermediary through which such shares are or have been held during the requisite three-year holding period, verifying that, as of a date within seven days prior to the date that the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is received by the Secretary of the Corporation, the Nominator or the Nominator Group, as the case may be, owns, and has owned continuously for the preceding three years, the Required Shares, and the Nominator’s or,

13

in the case of a Nominator Group, each Group Member’s agreement to provide (1) within seven days after the record date for the applicable annual meeting, written statements from the stockholder of record and intermediaries verifying the Nominator’s or the Nominator Group’s, as the case may be, continuous ownership of the Required Shares through the record date; provided that, if and to the extent that a stockholder of record is acting on behalf of one or more beneficial owners, such written statements shall also be submitted by any such beneficial owner or owners, and (2) immediate notice if the Nominator or the Nominator Group, as the case may be, ceases to own any of the Required Shares prior to the date of the applicable annual meeting;

(f)a copy of the Schedule 14N that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Rule 14a-18 under the Exchange Act;

(g)a representation by the Nominator (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), or, in the case of a Nominator Group, each Group Member (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made): (1) that the Required Shares were acquired in the ordinary course of business and not with intent to change or influence control of the Corporation, and each such person does not presently have such intent, (2) that each such person will maintain ownership (as defined in this paragraph (C)) of the Required Shares through the date of the applicable annual meeting, (3) that each such person has not nominated, and will not nominate, for election to the Board at the applicable annual meeting any person other than its Stockholder Nominee(s) pursuant to this paragraph (C), (4) that each such person has not distributed, and will not distribute, to any stockholders any form of proxy for the applicable annual meeting other than the form distributed by the Corporation, (5) that each such person has not engaged and will not directly or indirectly engage in, and has not been and will not be a participant (as defined in Schedule 14A of the Exchange Act) in, another person’s “solicitation” within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a director at the applicable annual meeting other than its Stockholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board and (6) that each such person consents to the public disclosure of the information provided pursuant to this paragraph (C);

(h)an executed agreement, in a form deemed satisfactory by the Board, pursuant to which the Nominator (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) or, in the case of a Nominator Group, each Group Member (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) agrees to (1) comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations arising out of or relating to the nomination of each Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this paragraph (C), including, without limitation, with respect to any solicitation in connection with the annual meeting or applicable to the filing and use, if any, of soliciting material, (2) assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the communications and information provided by such person(s) to the Corporation and its stockholders, including without limitation the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination, (3) indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation and each of its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates individually against any liability, loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative, against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates arising out of or relating to any nomination, solicitation or other activity by such person(s) pursuant to this paragraph (C) in connection with

14

its efforts to elect the Stockholder Nominee, (4) file with the Securities and Exchange Commission any solicitation or other communication with the Corporation’s stockholders relating to the meeting at which the Stockholder Nominee will be nominated, regardless of whether any such filing is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or whether any exemption from filing is available for such solicitation or other communication under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, (5) furnish to the Corporation all updated information required by this paragraph (C), including, without limitation, the information required by subparagraph (v) of this paragraph (C) of this By-Law and (6) upon request, provide to the Corporation within five business days after such request, but in any event prior to the day of the annual meeting, such additional information as reasonably requested by the Corporation; and

(iv)To nominate any such Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this paragraph (C), the Nominator shall have owned or, in the case of a Nominator Group, collectively as a Nominator Group owned shares representing 3% or more of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the “Required Shares”) continuously for at least three years as of both the date the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is submitted to the Corporation and the record date for determining stockholders eligible to vote at the annual meeting and must continue to own the Required Shares at all times between the date the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is submitted to the Corporation and the date of the applicable annual meeting; provided that if and to the extent a stockholder of record is acting solely on behalf of one or more beneficial owners (a) only the shares owned by such beneficial owner or owners, and not any other shares owned by any such stockholder of record, shall be counted for purposes of satisfying the foregoing ownership requirement and (b) the aggregate number of stockholders of record and all such beneficial owners whose share ownership is counted for the purposes of satisfying the foregoing ownership requirement shall not exceed 20. Two or more funds that are (a) under common management and investment control, (b) under common management and funded primarily by the same employer or (c) a “family of investment companies” or “group of investment companies,” as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, shall be treated as one stockholder of record or beneficial owner, as the case may be, for the purpose of satisfying the foregoing ownership requirements; provided that each fund otherwise meets the requirements set forth in this paragraph (C); and provided further that any such funds whose shares are aggregated for the purpose of satisfying the foregoing ownership requirements provide documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation that demonstrates that the funds are under common management and investment control within seven days after the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is delivered to the Corporation. No stockholder of record or beneficial owner may be a member of more than one Nominator Group.

For purposes of this paragraph (C), “ownership” shall be deemed to consist of and include only the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock of the Corporation as to which a person possesses both (a) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to such shares and (b) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such shares; provided that the ownership of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (a) and (b) above shall not include any shares (i) that a person or any of its affiliates has sold in any transaction that has not been settled or closed, including any short sale, (ii) that a person or any of its affiliates has borrowed for any purposes or purchased pursuant to an agreement to resell or (iii) that are subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale or other derivative instrument or similar agreement entered into by a person or any of its affiliates, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of shares of outstanding

15

Class A Common Stock of the Corporation, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, or if exercised by either party would have, the purpose or effect of (1) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, the person’s or such person’s affiliates’ full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares, and/or (2) hedging, offsetting or altering to any degree gain or loss arising from the full economic ownership of such person’s or such person’s affiliates’ shares. “Ownership” shall include shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the person claiming ownership of such shares retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of directors and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. A person’s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the person has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney or other instrument or arrangement that is revocable at any time by the person. A person’s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the person has loaned such shares provided that the person has the power to recall such loaned shares on five business days’ notice. The determination of whether the requirements of “ownership” of shares for purposes of this paragraph (C) are met shall be made by the Board, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Corporation, its stockholders and all other parties. For the purposes of this paragraph (C), the terms “owned,” “owning” and other variations of the word “own” shall have correlative meanings. For purposes of this paragraph (C), the term “affiliate” or “affiliates” shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the rules and regulations of the Exchange Act.

(v)For the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any nomination submitted by a Nominator Group pursuant to this paragraph (C), the information required by subparagraph (iii) of this paragraph (C) to be included in the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination shall be provided by each Group Member (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) and each such Group Member (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) shall execute and deliver to the Secretary of the Corporation the representations and agreements required under subparagraph (iii) of this paragraph (C) at the time the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination is submitted to the Corporation. In the event that the Nominator, Nominator Group or any Group Member shall have breached any of their agreements with the Corporation or any information included in the Nomination Statement, or any other communications by the Nominator, Nominator Group or any Group Member (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) with the Corporation or its stockholders, ceases to be true and correct in all material respects (or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and as of such later date, not misleading), each Nominator, Nominator Group or Group Member (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), as the case may be, shall promptly (and in any event within 48 hours of discovering such breach or that such information has ceased to be true and correct in all material respects (or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and as of such later date, not misleading)) notify the Secretary of the Corporation of any such breach, inaccuracy or omission in such previously provided information and shall provide the information that is required to correct any such defect, if applicable, it being understood that providing any such notification shall not be deemed to cure any defect or limit the Corporation’s rights to omit a Stockholder Nominee from its proxy materials as provided in this paragraph (C). All such information required to be included in the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination shall also be true and correct (a) as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting and (b) as of the date that is 15 days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof, provided that if the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting is less than 15 days prior to the meeting or any adjournment

16

or postponement thereof, the information shall be supplemented and updated as of the date that is 15 days prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Any such update and supplement shall be delivered in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than five days after the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting), not later than ten days prior to the date for the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of any update or supplement required to be made as of 15 days prior to the meeting or adjournment or postponement thereof) and not later than the date prior to the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof (in the case of any update and supplement required to be made as of a date less than 15 days prior the date of the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, if any Nominator, Nominator Group or Group Member (and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) has failed to comply with the requirements of this paragraph (C), the Board or the chairperson of the meeting shall declare the nomination by such Nominator or Nominator Group to be invalid, and such nomination shall be disregarded.

(vi)Stockholder Nominee Requirements.

(a)Within the time period specified in this paragraph (C) for delivering the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination, each Stockholder Nominee must deliver to the Secretary of the Corporation a written representation and agreement, which shall be deemed a part of the Notice of Proxy Access Nomination for purposes of this paragraph (C), that such person: (1) consents to be named in the Corporation’s proxy statement and associated proxy card as a nominee, to serve as a director for the full term if elected and to the public disclosure of the information provided pursuant to this paragraph (C); (2) understands his or her duties as a director under Delaware law and agrees to act in accordance with those duties while serving as a director; (3) is not and will not become a party to (i) any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how such nominee, if elected as a director of the Corporation, will act or vote on any issue or question to be decided by the Board (a “Voting Commitment”) that has not been disclosed to the Corporation or (ii) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person’s ability to comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such person’s fiduciary duties under applicable law; (4) is not and will not become a party to any compensatory, payment or other financial agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person other than with the Corporation that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, including any agreement to indemnify such Stockholder Nominee for obligations arising as a result of his or her service as a director of the Corporation, and has not and will not receive any such compensation or other payment from any person other than the Corporation that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, in each case in connection with such nominee’s nomination, service or action as a director of the Corporation; (5) if elected as a director of the Corporation, will comply with all applicable laws and stock exchange listing standards and the Corporation’s policies, guidelines and principles applicable to directors, including, without limitation, the Corporation’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Conduct, confidentiality, share ownership and trading policies and guidelines, and any other codes, policies and guidelines or any rules, regulations and listing standards, in each case as applicable to the Board (and the Secretary of the Corporation shall, upon written request, provide the Stockholder Nominee copies of all such codes, policies, guidelines and principles adopted by the Board which are not otherwise publicly available);

17

and (6) will provide facts, statements and other information in all communications with the Corporation and its stockholders that are or will be true and correct in all material respects and do not and will not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(b)At the request of the Corporation, each Stockholder Nominee for election as a director of the Corporation must promptly submit (but in no event later than seven days after receipt of the request) to the Secretary of the Corporation all completed and signed questionnaires required of directors. The Corporation may request such additional information as necessary to permit the Board to determine if each nominee is independent under the listing standards of each principal exchange upon which the shares are listed, any applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board in determining and disclosing the independence of the Corporation’s directors and to determine whether the nominee otherwise meets all other publicly disclosed standards applicable to directors.

(c)In the event that the Stockholder Nominee shall have breached any of their agreements with the Corporation or any information or communications provided by a Stockholder Nominee to the Corporation or its stockholders ceases to be true and correct in any respect or omits a fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, such nominee shall promptly (and in any event within 48 hours of discovering such breach or that such information has ceased to be true and correct in all material respects (or omits a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and as of such later date, not misleading)) notify the Secretary of the Corporation of any such breach, inaccuracy or omission in such previously provided information and of the information that is required to make such information or communication true and correct, if applicable, it being understood that providing any such notification shall not be deemed to cure any defect or limit the Corporation’s rights to omit a Stockholder Nominee from its proxy materials as provided in this paragraph (C).

(vii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this paragraph (C), the Corporation shall not be required to include, pursuant to this paragraph (C), a Stockholder Nominee in its proxy materials for any meeting of stockholders, or, if the proxy statement already has been filed, to submit the nomination of a Stockholder Nominee to a vote of the stockholders at the annual meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation:

(a)for any meeting for which the Secretary of the Corporation receives notice that the Nominator, the Nominator Group or any Group Member, as the case may be, or any other stockholder, intends to nominate one or more persons for election to the Board pursuant to paragraph (A) of this By-Law;

(b)who is not determined by the Board in its sole discretion to be independent under the listing standards of each principal exchange upon which the shares of the Corporation are listed, any applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board in determining and disclosing independence of the Corporation’s directors;

18

(c)who is not determined by the Board to meet the audit committee independence requirements under the rules of any stock exchange on which the Corporation’s securities are traded or to qualify as a “non-employee director” for the purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act (or any successor rule) or as an “outside director” for the purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986;

(d)whose election as a member of the Board would cause the Corporation to be in violation of these By-Laws, the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation, the rules and listing standards of the principal securities exchanges upon which the shares of the Corporation are listed, or any applicable law, rule or regulation or of any publicly disclosed standards of the Corporation applicable to directors, in each case as determined by the Board in its sole discretion; who is or has been, within the past three years, an officer or director of a competitor, as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914 (a “Competitor”), or a Similar Person, as defined in the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation;

(e)who is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses) or has been convicted in such a criminal proceeding within the past ten years;

(f)who is subject to any order of the type specified in Rule 506(d) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

(g)if the Stockholder Nominee or Nominator (or any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), or, in the case of a Nominator Group, any Group Member (or any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) shall have provided information to the Corporation in connection with such nomination that was untrue in any material respect or omitted to state a material fact necessary in order to make any statement made, in light of the circumstances under which it was made, not misleading, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion;

(h)to the extent permitted under applicable law, the Nominator (or a qualified representative thereof) or, in the case of a Nominator Group, the representative designated by the Nominator Group in accordance with subparagraph (iii)(c) of this paragraph (C) of this By-Law (or a qualified representative thereof), or the Stockholder Nominee, does not appear at the applicable annual meeting to present the Stockholder Nominee for election;

(i) if the Nominator (or any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made), or, in the case of a Nominator Group, any Group Member (or any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made) has engaged in or is currently engaged in, or has been or is a participant (as defined in Schedule 14A of the Exchange Act) in, another person’s “solicitation” within the meaning of Rule 14a-1(l) under the Exchange Act in support of the election of any individual as a director at the applicable annual meeting other than its Stockholder Nominee(s) or a nominee of the Board; or

(j) the Nominator or, in the case of a Nominator Group, any Group Member, or applicable Stockholder Nominee otherwise breaches or fails to comply with its representations or obligations pursuant to these By-Laws, including, without limitation, this paragraph (C).

19

For the purpose of this subparagraph (vii), clauses (b) through (j) will result in the exclusion from the proxy materials pursuant to this paragraph (C) of the specific Stockholder Nominee to whom the ineligibility applies, or, if the proxy statement already has been filed, the ineligibility of the Stockholder Nominee and, in either case, the inability of the Nominator or Nominator Group that nominated such Stockholder Nominee to substitute another Stockholder Nominee therefor; however, clause (a) will result in the exclusion from the proxy materials pursuant to this paragraph (C) of all Stockholder Nominees for the applicable annual meeting, or, if the proxy statement already has been filed, the ineligibility of all Stockholder Nominees.

(viii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this paragraph (C), the Corporation may omit from its proxy materials any information, including all or any portion of the Nomination Statement, if the Board determines that the disclosure of such information would violate any applicable law or regulation or that such information is not true and correct in all material respects or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(ix) The Board (or any other person or body authorized by the Board) shall have the exclusive power and authority to interpret the provisions of this paragraph (C) and make all determinations deemed necessary or advisable in connection with this paragraph (C) to any person, facts or circumstances. All such actions, interpretations and determinations that are done or made by the Board (or any other person or body authorized by the Board) shall be final, conclusive and binding on the Corporation, the stockholders and all other parties.

(x) Except to the extent a stockholder complies with Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act, this paragraph (C) shall be the exclusive method for stockholders to include nominees for director in the Corporation’s proxy materials.

(D)General.

(i) Only persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this By-Law shall be eligible to serve as directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this By-Law, and, except as otherwise required by law, any failure to comply with these procedures shall result in the nullification of such nomination or business proposed. Except as otherwise provided by law, the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or these By-Laws, the chairperson of the meeting (or the Board of Directors or a committee thereof in advance of the meeting) shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made in accordance with the procedures set forth in this By-Law (including satisfying the information requirements set forth therein with accurate and complete information) and, if any proposed nomination or business is not in compliance with this By-Law (or any applicable rule or regulation defined therein), to declare that such defective nomination shall be disregarded or that such proposed business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 12, if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination or business (whether pursuant to the requirements of this By-Law or in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act), or if such stockholder, any Stockholder Associated Person or any nominee for director (as applicable) acted contrary to any representation, certification or agreement required by this By-Law, such nomination shall be disregarded and such proposed business shall not be transacted,

20

notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. For purposes of this Section 12, to be considered a qualified representative of the stockholder, a person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or must be authorized by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder to act for such stockholder as proxy at the meeting of stockholders and such person must provide to the Corporation such writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission prior to the meeting of stockholders.

(ii) For the purposes of this By-Law, “Stockholder Associated Person” means: (a) any beneficial owner of shares of stock of the Corporation on whose behalf any proposal or nomination is made by such stockholder; and (b) any affiliates or associates of such stockholder or any beneficial owner described in clause (a). For purposes of this definition, the term “affiliates” or “associates” shall have the meaning ascribed thereto under the rules and regulations of the Exchange Act.

(iii) For purposes of this By-Law, “public announcement” shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed or furnished by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. For the purposes of this By-Law, “close of business” shall mean 5:00 p.m. local time at the principal executive offices of the Corporation on any calendar day, whether or not a business day.

(iv) For purposes of this By-Law, no adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement or notice of adjournment, recess, rescheduling or postponement of any meeting shall be deemed to constitute a new notice of such meeting for purposes of this Section 12, and in order for any notification required to be delivered by a stockholder pursuant to this Section 12, to be timely, such notification must be delivered within the periods set forth above with respect to the originally scheduled meeting. For purposes of this By-Law, any notice and any information required to be delivered to the Secretary or the Corporation hereunder (including any update or supplement thereto), must be delivered by hand or by registered U.S. mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested or courier service, postage prepaid, to the attention of the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation.

(v) Notwithstanding anything in these By-Laws to the contrary, the number of nominees a stockholder may nominate for election at an annual meeting or special meeting on its own behalf (or in the case of one or more stockholders giving the notice on behalf of a beneficial owner, the number of nominees such stockholders may collectively nominate for election at an annual meeting on behalf of such beneficial owner) shall not exceed the number of directors to be elected at such annual meeting or special meeting.

(vi) A stockholder’s notice pursuant to this Section 12 shall include, with respect to each nominee, all fully completed and signed questionnaires prepared by the Corporation (including those questionnaires required of the Corporation’s directors and any other questionnaire the Corporation determines is necessary or advisable to assess whether a nominee will satisfy any qualifications or requirements imposed by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or these By-Laws, any law, rule, regulation or listing standard that may be applicable to the Corporation, and the Corporation’s corporate governance policies and guidelines), which questionnaires shall be provided by the Secretary upon written request, and a written representation and agreement (in the form provided by the Secretary upon written request) that such person (a) is not and will not become a party to (i) any Voting Commitment except as has been disclosed to the Corporation or (ii) any Voting Commitment that could limit or interfere with such person’s ability to

21

comply, if elected as a director of the Corporation, with such person’s fiduciary duties under applicable law, (b) is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a nominee or director that has not been disclosed therein, and (c) in such person’s individual capacity, would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply with all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation.

(vii)Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these By-Laws, unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder, or Stockholder Associated Person, (a) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act with respect to any proposed nominee for election as a director of the Corporation and (b) subsequently fails to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 promulgated under the Exchange Act (or fails to timely provide reasonable evidence sufficient to satisfy the Corporation that such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Persons has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act in accordance with the following sentence), then the nomination of each such proposed nominee shall be disregarded, notwithstanding that proxies or votes in respect of the election of such proposed nominees may have been received by the Corporation (which proxies and votes shall be disregarded). If any stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) promulgated under the Exchange Act, such stockholder or Stockholder Associated Person shall deliver to the Corporation, no later than five business days prior to the applicable meeting, reasonable evidence that it has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19(a)(3) promulgated under the Exchange Act.

(viii)Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this By-Law, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this By-Law; provided, however, that any references in these By-Laws to the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder are not intended to and shall not limit any requirements applicable to nominations or proposals as to any other business to be considered pursuant to this By-Law (including paragraphs (A)(i)(c), (A)(i)(d) and (B) hereof), and compliance with paragraphs (A)(i)(c), (A)(i)(d) and (B) of this By-Law shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or submit other business. Nothing in this By-Law shall apply to the right, if any, of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock (as defined in the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation) to elect directors pursuant to any applicable provisions of the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation.

ARTICLE II
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 1.The Board shall consist, subject to the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, of such number of directors, not less than three nor more than fifteen, as shall from time to time be fixed exclusively by resolution adopted by affirmative vote of the majority of the Board.

Section 2.A majority of the total number of directors then in office (but not less than one-third of the number of directors constituting the entire Board) shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business; provided, that a quorum shall not be constituted unless directors who are neither officers nor employees of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries represent a majority of the directors present. Except as otherwise provided by law, these By-Laws or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board.

22

Section 3.(A) Except as otherwise provided by these By-Laws, each director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes cast with respect to that director’s election at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, provided that if, as of the tenth (10th) day preceding the date the Corporation first mails its notice of meeting for such meeting to the stockholders of the Corporation the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected (a “Contested Election”), the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the votes cast. For purposes of this Section 3, a majority of votes cast shall mean that the number of votes cast “for” a director’s election exceeds the number of votes cast “against” that director’s election (with “abstentions” and “broker nonvotes” not counted as a vote cast either “for” or “against” that director’s election).

(B) In order for any incumbent director to become a nominee of the Board for further service on the Board, such person must submit an irrevocable resignation, contingent on (a) that person not receiving a majority of the votes cast in an election that is not a Contested Election, and (b) acceptance of that proffered resignation by the Board in accordance with the policies and procedures adopted by the Board for such purpose. In the event an incumbent director fails to receive a majority of the votes cast in an election that is not a Contested Election, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, or such other committee designated by the Board pursuant to these By-Laws, shall make a recommendation to the Board as to whether to accept or reject the resignation of such incumbent director, or whether other action should be taken. The Board shall act on the proffered resignation, taking into account the committee’s recommendation within ninety (90) days following certification of the election results. The committee in making its recommendation and the Board in making its decision each may consider any factors and other information that they consider appropriate and relevant.

(C) If the Board accepts a director’s resignation pursuant to this Section 3, or if a nominee for director who is not an incumbent director is not elected with a majority of the votes cast in an election that is not a Contested Election, then the Board may fill the resulting vacancy pursuant to Article II, Section 5 of these By-Laws.

Section 4.(A) The number of directors who are neither officers nor employees of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries shall at all times be at least two greater than the number of directors who are either officers or employees of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries.

(B) A person shall qualify for election and continued service as a director of the Corporation only if the Board shall have determined that such person shall not:

(i)except in the case of a director who is an officer or employee of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries (x) be a director, officer, employee or agent of, or represent or otherwise be affiliated with, a Member (as defined in the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation) or Similar Person (as defined in the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation), (y) have been a director, officer, employee or agent of, or have represented or otherwise been affiliated with, a Member or Similar Person during the prior eighteen (18) months or (z) have any business relationship with a Member or Similar Person that is material to such person;

(ii)be a trustee, officer, employee or agent of, or represent or otherwise be affiliated with, Mastercard Foundation, or have been a director, officer, employee or agent of, or have represented or otherwise been affiliated with, Mastercard Foundation during the prior three years or otherwise have any business relationship with Mastercard Foundation that is material to such person; or

(iii)be a director, regional board director, officer, employee or agent of, or represent (x) an entity that is a Competitor or (y) an institution that is represented on any board of a Competitor.

23

Section 5.Subject to the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation, unless otherwise required by law, any newly created directorship on the Board that results from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancy occurring in the Board shall be filled only by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall have the same remaining term as that of his or her predecessor.

Section 6.The Board shall appoint a director who is not an officer of the Corporation to serve as a liaison between the Board and the board of directors of Mastercard Foundation (as defined in the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation) for the purpose of coordinating and facilitating communications between Mastercard Foundation and the Corporation.

Section 7.Meetings of the Board shall be held at such place, if any, within or without the State of Delaware as may from time to time be fixed by resolution of the Board or as may be specified in the notice of any meeting. Regular meetings of the Board shall be held at such times as may from time to time be fixed by resolution of the Board and special meetings may be held at any time upon the call of the Chairperson of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, by oral or written notice, including telephone, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission, duly given to each director to such director’s address, e-mail address or telephone number as shown on the books of the Corporation not less than 24 hours before the meeting. The notice of any meeting need not specify the purposes thereof. A meeting of the Board may be held without notice immediately after the annual meeting of stockholders at the same place, if any, at which such meeting is held. Notice need not be given of regular meetings of the Board held at times fixed by resolution of the Board. Notice of any meeting need not be given to any director who shall attend such meeting (except when the director attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened), or who shall waive notice thereof, before or after such meeting, in writing (including by electronic transmission).

Section 8.Notwithstanding anything in these By-laws to the contrary, whenever the holders of any one or more series of Preferred Stock issued by the Corporation shall have the right, voting separately as a series or separately as a class without one or more such other series, to elect directors at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, the election, term of office, removal, and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation (including any certificate of designation relating to any series of Preferred Stock) applicable thereto.

Section 9.If at any meeting for the election of directors, the Corporation has outstanding more than one class or series of stock, and one or more such classes or series thereof are entitled to vote separately as a class to elect directors, and a quorum as to one or more of such classes or series of stock shall be absent, the classes or series of stock for which there is a quorum present shall be entitled to elect its quota of directors notwithstanding absence of a quorum of the other classes or series of stock.

Section 10.The Board may from time to time establish committees of the Board including, without limitation, an Executive Committee, an Audit Committee, a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and a Compensation Committee, to serve at the pleasure of the Board which shall be comprised of such members of the Board and have such duties as the Board shall from time to time establish. Any director may belong to any number of committees of the Board. The Board may also establish such other committees with such members and with such duties as the Board may from time to time determine. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member or members constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board to

24

act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, the By-Laws or the resolution of the Board designating the committee, a committee may create one or more subcommittees, each subcommittee to consist of one or more members of the committee, and delegate to a subcommittee any or all of the powers and authority of the committee.

Section 11.Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or these By-Laws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing (including by electronic transmission). After an action is taken, the consent or consents relating thereto shall be filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee in the same paper or electronic form as the minutes are maintained.

Section 12.Each director of the Corporation shall also serve as a director on the Board of Mastercard International Incorporated (“Mastercard International”). Any director of the Corporation who shall resign or be removed from his or her position as a director of the Corporation shall automatically, without further action of the director, cease to be a director of Mastercard International.

Section 13.The members of the Board or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of such Board or committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this Section 13 shall constitute presence in person at such a meeting.

Section 14.The Board may establish policies for the compensation of directors and for the reimbursement of the expenses of directors in connection with services provided by directors to the Corporation.

Section 15.The Board may elect or appoint a Chairperson of the Board; provided, that no officer of the Corporation may serve as Chairperson of the Board unless such officer’s election or appointment to so serve is approved by the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the entire Board.

Section 16.In the event of any emergency, disaster or catastrophe, as referred to in Section 110 of the DGCL, and a declaration of a national emergency by the United States government, or other similar emergency condition (the “Emergency”), as a result of which a quorum of the Board or a standing committee thereof cannot readily be convened for action, then during such Emergency:

(A)A meeting of the Board or a committee thereof may be called by any director or officer by such means as may be feasible at the time, and notice of any such meeting of the Board or any committee may be given only to such directors as it may be feasible to reach at the time and by such means as may be feasible at the time.

(B)The director or directors in attendance at the meeting shall constitute a quorum. Such director or directors in attendance may further take action to appoint one or more of themselves or other directors to membership on any standing or temporary committees of the Board as they shall deem necessary and appropriate.

(C)Nothing contained in this Section 16 shall be deemed exclusive of any other provisions for emergency powers consistent with other sections of the DGCL which have been or may be adopted by corporations created under the DGCL.

25

ARTICLE III
OFFICERS

Section 1.The Board, at its next meeting following each annual meeting of the stockholders, shall elect officers of the Corporation, including a President, a Chief Executive Officer and a Secretary. The Board may also from time to time elect such other officers (including one or more Presidents, Vice Presidents, a Treasurer, one or more Assistant Vice Presidents, one or more Assistant Secretaries and one or more Assistant Treasurers) as it may deem proper or may delegate to any elected officer of the Corporation the power to appoint and remove any such other officers and to prescribe their respective terms of office, authorities and duties. Any Vice President may be designated Executive, Senior or Corporate, or may be given such other designation or combination of designations as the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may determine. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person.

Section 2.All officers of the Corporation shall hold office for such terms as may be determined by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer or until their respective successors are chosen and qualified. Any officer may be removed from office at any time either with or without cause by the Chief Executive Officer or the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the Board then in office, or, in the case of appointed officers, by any elected officer upon whom such power of removal shall have been conferred by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board.

Section 3.Each of the officers of the Corporation elected by the Board or appointed by an officer in accordance with these By-Laws shall have the powers and duties prescribed by law, by the By-Laws or by the Board and, in the case of appointed officers, the powers and duties prescribed by the appointing officer, and, unless otherwise prescribed by the By-Laws or by the Board or such appointing officer, shall have such further powers and duties as ordinarily pertain to that office. The Chief Executive Officer shall have authority over the general direction of the affairs of the Corporation.

Section 4.Unless otherwise provided in these By-Laws, in the absence or disability of any officer of the Corporation, the Board may, during such period, delegate such officer’s powers and duties to any other officer or to any director and the person to whom such powers and duties are delegated shall, for the time being, hold such office.

Section 5.No officer of the Corporation shall also be a director, officer, agent or representative of a Member.

ARTICLE IV
CORPORATE BOOKS

The books of the Corporation may be kept inside or outside of the State of Delaware at such place or places as the Board may from time to time determine.

ARTICLE V
CHECKS, NOTES, PROXIES, ETC.

All checks and drafts on the Corporation’s bank accounts and all bills of exchange and promissory notes, and all acceptances, obligations and other instruments for the payment of money, shall be signed by such officer or officers or agent or agents as shall be authorized from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer or such other officer or officers who may be delegated such authority by the foregoing. Except as the Board may otherwise designate, the Chairperson of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, or such officers as the Chairperson of the Board or the Chief Executive Officer may from time to time determine, may waive notice, vote, consent, or

26

appoint any person or persons to waive notice, vote or consent, on behalf of the Corporation, and act as, or appoint any person or persons to act as, proxy or attorney-in-fact for the Corporation (with or without power of substitution and re-substitution), with respect to the securities of any other entity which may be held by the Corporation.

ARTICLE VI
FISCAL YEAR

The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of January in each year and shall end on the thirty-first day of December following.

ARTICLE VII
CORPORATE SEAL

The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation. In lieu of the corporate seal, when so authorized by the Board or a duly empowered committee thereof, a facsimile thereof may be impressed or affixed or reproduced.

ARTICLE VIII
AMENDMENTS

These By-Laws may be made, amended, altered, changed, added to or repealed at any meeting of the Board or of the stockholders, provided notice of the proposed change was given in the notice of the meeting of the Board or the stockholders, as applicable; provided, however, that, notwithstanding any other provisions of these By-Laws or any provision of law which might otherwise permit a lesser vote of the stockholders, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority in voting power of all shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required in order for the stockholders to make, alter, change, amend, add to or repeal these By-Laws or to adopt any provision inconsistent therewith.

27
