[Cached by filings gatherer 2026-09-08. Form 8-K, Uber Technologies, Inc. (CIK 1543151). Accession 0001552781-26-000043. Source: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1543151/000155278126000043/e26049_uber-8k.htm. Content: Item 7.01 (agreement to acquire Getir delivery portfolio in Turkiye: $335M for food delivery, $100M for 15% of grocery/retail/water); Ex 99.1 press release appended. Text extracted from the SEC HTML; 'Field:' layout markers and the inline-XBRL extension blob removed.]

UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington,
D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d)

of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date
of Report (Date of earliest event reported): February 8, 2026

UBER
TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware | 001-38902 | 45-2647441

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) | (Commission File Number) | (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

1725
Third Street

San
Francisco , California 94158

(Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code)

(415) 612-8582

(Registrant’s
telephone number, including area code)

Not
Applicable

(Former
name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate
box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following
provisions:

☐ | Written communications
pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ | Soliciting material pursuant
to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ | Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ | Pre-commencement communications
pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $0.00001 per share | UBER | New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (17 CFR §230.405) or Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (17 CFR §240.12b-2).

Emerging
growth company ☐

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure.

On February 8, 2026,
Uber Technologies, Inc. (the “Company”) entered into an agreement with Mubadala Investment Company to acquire Getir Perakende
Lojistik A.Ş.’s (“Getir”) delivery portfolio in Türkiye, including food, grocery, retail, and water delivery.

The transaction is structured
in phases with the agreement to acquire 100% of Getir’s food delivery business at the outset, for $335 million in cash on a cash
and debt free basis. Getir’s food delivery business generated over $1 billion in gross bookings in 2025, up more than 50% from the
prior year on a constant currency basis.

In addition, Uber will
invest $100 million to acquire a 15% stake in Getir’s grocery, retail and water delivery business. The acquisition of the remainder
of Getir’s delivery portfolio across grocery, retail and water delivery is expected to close in the next few years, subject to certain
operating and financial performance conditions being met.

The transaction is subject
to regulatory approval and other closing conditions, with the acquisition of the food delivery business expected to close in the second
half of 2026. A copy of the press release is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 and incorporated herein by reference.

The
information set forth under this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing, except as otherwise expressly stated in such filing.

Forward-Looking
Statements

This Current
Report on Form 8-K contains forward-looking statements regarding our future business expectations which involve risks and uncertainties.
Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future
performance. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as “anticipate,”
“believe,” “contemplate,” “continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,”
“hope,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “objective,” “ongoing,” “plan,”
“potential,” “predict,” “project,” “should,” “target,” “will,”
or “would” or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors
relate to, among others: risks and uncertainties related to the pending acquisition, including the failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining,
required regulatory approvals, the risk that such approvals may result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect us
or the expected benefits of the proposed transaction, or the failure to satisfy any of the closing conditions
to the proposed transaction on a timely basis or at all; costs, expenses or difficulties related to the acquisition of the Getir
businesses; failure to realize the expected benefits and synergies of the proposed transaction in
the expected timeframes or at all; the potential impact of the announcement, pendency or consummation of the proposed transaction on relationships
with the Company’s and/or Getir’s employees, merchants, suppliers, delivery partners
and other business partners; the risk of litigation or regulatory actions to us or Getir;
inability to retain key personnel; changes in legislation or government regulations affecting us or Getir;
the potential impact of the acquisition on our financial results; and economic financial, social or political conditions that could adversely
affect us, Getir or the proposed transaction. For additional information on other potential
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted, please see our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2024 and subsequent quarterly reports, annual reports and other filings filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. All information provided in this release and in the attachments is as of
the date of this Current Report on Form 8-K and any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable as of this date. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this Current Report on Form
8-K, which are based on information available to us on the date hereof. We undertake no duty to update this information unless required
by law.

Item
9.01 Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number | Description

99.1 | Press Release issued February 9, 2026.

104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURE

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

UBER TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

Date: February 9, 2026 | By: /s/ Dara Khosrowshahi

Dara Khosrowshahi

Chief Executive Officer


==================== EXHIBIT (source: https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1543151/000155278126000043/e26049_ex99-1.htm) ====================

EX-99.1 2 e26049_ex99-1.htm

Exhibit
99.1

Uber Doubles Down on Türkiye with Agreement
to Acquire Getir’s Delivery Business

Agreement with Mubadala reinforces Uber’s
continued investment in Türkiye and marks the next phase in Getir’s growth journey

ISTANBUL — Uber Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: UBER) and Mubadala
Investment Company today announced an agreement for Uber to acquire Getir’s delivery portfolio in Türkiye, including food,
grocery, retail, and water delivery, subject to regulatory approval and other closing conditions.

This deal represents another milestone in Uber’s continued investment
in Türkiye, bringing together Getir and Trendyol Go delivery into the Uber family and further reinforcing Uber’s commitment
to Türkiye.

Following the closing of the deal, Uber plans to combine the unique strengths
of Getir and Trendyol Go, increasing selection for consumers, supporting more delivery opportunities for couriers, and driving increased
demand to restaurants and retailers across Türkiye. Getir consumers will continue to access delivery services through the Getir Super
App, but with the benefit of more restaurants from Trendyol Go. Additionally, Trendyol Go customers will be able to access Getir’s
grocery offerings directly through the Trendyol Go app.

“With a thriving digital economy and a dynamic consumer base, Uber
is committed to investing in Türkiye for the long term,” said Dara Khosrowshahi, CEO of Uber. “By bringing together these
leading platforms, we aim to support the continued growth of a vibrant and competitive ecosystem, that delivers even more value for consumers,
couriers, and merchants.’’

“Mubadala has been a committed partner to Getir,
supporting the company and building a leading food and on-demand delivery platform in Türkiye,” said Waleed Al Mokarrab Al
Muhairi, Deputy Group CEO at Mubadala Investment Company. “This transaction reflects the strength of the business and the progress
it has made, particularly over the last year. Türkiye remains a highly attractive market for Mubadala, and we continue to evaluate
long-term investment opportunities in the country.”

“This agreement is a significant milestone for Getir and is a testament
to the strong operating model and leading brand our team has built in our home market of Türkiye,” said Batuhan Gultakan, CEO
of Getir. “We are excited to bring Getir’s pioneering ultrafast delivery expertise to Uber’s global ecosystem, as we
continue to enhance the experience for consumers, couriers, restaurants, and retailers. We are proud of what we have achieved with the
support of Mubadala and look forward to the next chapter of growth as part of the Uber family.”

###

Forward-Looking Statements

This press release contains forward-looking statements regarding Uber’s
future business expectations which involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted, and
reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. Forward-looking statements include all statements that
are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “contemplate,”
“continue,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “hope,” “intend,” “may,”
“might,” “objective,” “ongoing,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,”
“project,” “should,” “target,” “will,” or “would” or similar expressions and
the negatives of those terms. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause
Uber’s actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors relate to, among others: risks and
uncertainties related to the pending acquisition, including the failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals,
the risk that such approvals may result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect Uber or the expected benefits of the
proposed transaction, or the failure to satisfy any of the closing conditions to the proposed transaction on a timely basis or at all;
costs, expenses or difficulties related to the acquisition of the Getir businesses; failure to realize the expected benefits and synergies
of the proposed transaction in the expected timeframes or at all; the potential impact of the announcement, pendency or consummation of
the proposed transaction on relationships with Uber’s and/or Getir’s employees, merchants, suppliers, delivery partners and
other business partners; the risk of litigation or regulatory actions to Uber or Getir; inability to retain key personnel; changes in
legislation or government regulations affecting Uber or Getir; the potential impact of the acquisition on Uber’s financial results;
and economic financial, social or political conditions that could adversely affect Uber, Getir or the proposed transaction. For additional
information on other potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted, please see
Uber’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 and subsequent quarterly reports, annual reports and other
filings filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time. All information provided in this press release is as of the
date of this press release and any forward-looking statements contained herein are based on assumptions that Uber believes to be reasonable
as of this date. Undue reliance should not be placed on the forward-looking statements in this press release, which are based on information
available to Uber on the date hereof. Uber undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law.

About Uber

Uber’s mission is to create opportunity through
movement. We started in 2010 to solve a simple problem: how to get a ride at the tap of a button. More than 68 billion trips later, we’re
building products to move people, food, and things through cities, opening the world to new possibilities.

About Mubadala Investment Company

Mubadala is a sovereign investor managing a global portfolio, aimed at
generating sustainable financial returns for the Government of Abu Dhabi. Mubadala’s $330 billion portfolio spans six continents
with interests in multiple sectors and asset classes. Mubadala leverages its deep sectoral expertise and long-standing partnerships to
drive sustainable growth and profit, while supporting the continued diversification and global integration of the economy of the United
Arab Emirates. Mubadala’s investment philosophy is centered around investing in high quality companies operating in attractive markets
with strong tailwinds. It seeks to identify and back strong management teams and provide capital to support their organic and inorganic
growth strategies.

About Getir

Getir pioneered a new market in 2015 by launching the world’s first map-based
supply system that delivers grocery products within minutes. As Türkiye’s first super app, the company connects users with grocery
products, over 100,000 restaurants nationwide, and local merchants. The company, whose operations are built on artificial intelligence,
algorithms, and a micro-logistics architecture, manages a growing ecosystem with over 87,000 business partners.
