Uber Technologies, Inc. (UBER)
Q1 2026 Prepared Remarks
May 6, 2026

Dara Khosrowshahi, CEO

Uber is off to an exceptional start in 2026, with Gross Bookings and Non-GAAP earnings per
share (EPS) at or above the high end of our guidance, despite a complex macro backdrop marked
by weather disruptions, geopolitical tensions, and gas price volatility. We generated 21%+ Gross
Bookings growth for the third consecutive quarter, supported by a 17% increase in our global
audience, once again reflecting the durability of our platform. Growth was balanced across both
Mobility and Delivery and broad-based geographically, with early signs of improvement in Freight,
which returned to growth for the first time in nearly two years.

This strong top-line momentum, coupled with disciplined cost management, generated $0.72 in
Non-GAAP EPS (+44% YoY on a reported basis). We surpassed the 10 million earner milestone in
March, capping Q1 growth of 17% YoY, with engagement and satisfaction remaining at record
highs.

At our GO–GET product event last week, we introduced new offerings across mobility, local
commerce, and travel, extending Uber’s role in capturing everyday consumer intent. We
launched hotel bookings through a partnership with Expedia Group, enabling seamless in-app
reservations with enhanced value for Uber One members, including 10% Uber One credits back,
which can be redeemed across the platform. Travel Mode brings a more contextual, on-the-go
experience across Uber and Uber Eats, including local recommendations and “room service”
delivery. Eats for the Way allows users to coordinate food and beverage pickup with scheduled
rides, while Shop for Me extends our reach beyond the app by enabling personal shopping from
virtually any local store.

Through this continued product innovation and focused execution, we’re driving tangible
progress against our six areas of strategic focus:

   ● Deepening engagement: Uber One surpassed 50 million members globally, with 50% of
      Mobility and Delivery Gross Bookings now generated by members.
   ● Building a hybrid network: We announced 10 new and expanded AV partnerships and
      launched Uber Autonomous Solutions to help our partners build, deploy, and
      commercialize AVs at scale.
   ● Expanding earnings opportunities: New products like Hourly, Teen, Shopping and the
      national rollout of Women Preferences are improving flexibility and utilization for drivers
      and couriers.
   ● Scaling local commerce: We added marquee partners including Kroger and Ace
      Hardware, bringing over 6,000 new locations onto the platform.


                                                1
   ● Strengthening merchant offerings: We unified ads and merchant-funded offers into a
      single, performance-driven platform, enabling more effective customer acquisition and
      higher return on spend.
   ● Advancing AI: We furthered our AI efforts with first-party tools like Cart Assistant and an
      AI Assistant for drivers, while continuing to build and launch third-party integrations.
      Internally, we have meaningfully improved developer velocity, with more than 10% of
      production-ready code now driven autonomously by AI coding agents.

Our Q2 outlook reflects continued momentum, alongside disciplined capital allocation and a
focus on strengthening our competitive position to sustain durable, profitable growth.

Mobility

Mobility delivered strong results, with Gross Bookings growth accelerating to 20%. The results
are particularly impressive given the conflict in the Middle East and severe weather in the U.S.,
which together contributed an estimated 60 bps headwind to YoY growth. Our performance was
driven by continued focus on product innovation, affordability, and moderating insurance
pressures, resulting in healthier, trip-led growth. The U.S. showed particular strength, led by
commute and travel use cases. We are beginning to see early benefits from insurance cost
savings being passed through to consumers, with YoY trip growth in markets like San Francisco
and Los Angeles improving meaningfully (recall that California faces the most significant
insurance driven headwinds). We continue to expect the U.S. Mobility business to accelerate
further in 2026. We also made solid progress expanding into suburban markets, with YoY trip
growth in lower density geographies growing faster than the overall business with higher
margins, contributing to our record segment operating income margin of 7.7%.

We continue to execute on our barbell strategy across the price spectrum. At the low end, we’re
focused on affordability and access. In the core, we’re keeping prices stable through strong
supply and product improvements. And at the high end, we’re building premium experiences that
expand margins and support reinvestment. We’re already seeing strong momentum in premium,
with Uber for Business (U4B) growing more than twice as fast as Mobility overall, as we continue
to lead in corporate travel globally. Building on this, we introduced Uber Elite, our most elevated
ride experience to date, designed for executives and frequent travelers, with professional
chauffeurs and luxury vehicles and a high-touch, reservation-based experience. To further
accelerate our plans, we announced an agreement to acquire Blacklane, a leading global
chauffeur platform operating in 500+ cities.

Marketplace health remains strong, with active drivers growing 21% YoY despite gas price
volatility. We continue to enhance the earner experience by expanding choice and increasing
earning opportunities. Products like Hourly improve utilization and earnings per trip, while
Women Preferences gives drivers greater control over how they engage on the platform. We also



                                                 2
reimagined Uber Pro with more personalized, milestone-based rewards. Together, these
initiatives are strengthening supply and reinforcing marketplace reliability.

Delivery

Delivery Gross Bookings increased 23% YoY, driven by high consumer retention, continued
growth in membership, and strength in Grocery & Retail (G&R). Severe winter storms in the U.S.
contributed an estimated 80 bps headwind to YoY growth, but underlying demand remained
robust. International growth was particularly strong, led by Australia, Japan, and the UK. Our
global merchant base expanded to 1.4 million, supporting this sustained demand. Importantly, we
grew profitability alongside scale, with segment operating income margin reaching a record 3.7%.

Uber Eats now operates in 35 countries and continues to outpace peers, with leading positions
across most of our markets. Despite our scale, we remain in early innings. Even in more mature
countries like Australia, where we launched in 2016, trips growth increased nearly 30% YoY. This
performance reflects continued focus on the core fundamentals: expanding selection, improving
reliability, reducing delivery times, and increasing cross-platform engagement. We are building on
this foundation through disciplined geographic expansion, leveraging our Mobility footprint to
scale efficiently in countries like Argentina and Denmark. Copenhagen has quickly become one
of our fastest-growing new markets, surpassing 10,000 daily trips within its first month, with
broader expansion across Denmark underway. We also plan to enter additional European
markets soon, extending our global reach with a measured, scale-led approach.

Aligned with our strategy, we’re building our G&R business to move beyond food delivery to
broader local commerce. This business continues to grow significantly faster than restaurant
delivery, driven by increased selection, product innovation, and rising consumer awareness.
Affordability remains a key focus. We introduced greater price transparency in the U.S. with a “No
Fees above $60” benefit for Uber One members on eligible grocery orders nationwide. We also
announced an exclusive, multi-year partnership with Ibotta, bringing CPG-funded offers directly
onto the Uber platform, unlocking brand-sponsored savings for consumers while enabling
merchants and brands to more efficiently drive demand.

Freight

Freight accelerated in Q1 with Gross Bookings up 6% YoY. Despite a tightening macro backdrop,
we’re executing well, driven by strong service levels, continued simplification of operations, and
expansion of AI-driven automation. Our commercial momentum is strong, with nearly as many
new enterprise customers added in Q1 as in all of 2025. This progress positions us well for the
long term. We see significant opportunity to more tightly integrate Freight with the broader Uber
platform to create a cohesive end-to-end logistics ecosystem, ranging from multi-day to same-day
to 30-minute delivery. Returning the business to growth while improving profitability is an



                                                3
important milestone and provides a strong foundation as we scale Freight’s marketplace and
technology.

Platform initiatives

Uber One remains a key lever to deepen loyalty, accelerate cross-platform usage, and increase
lifetime value. Membership surpassed 50 million in April, up 50% YoY. Today, roughly 1 in 5
eligible consumers are active across both of our businesses; among Uber One members, that
ratio nearly doubles to 2 in 5. We are also bringing back Member Days this month after its
inaugural launch last year, offering exclusive deals and incentives across both Mobility and
Delivery to further reinforce engagement across the ecosystem.

Advances in machine learning are improving our ability to connect consumers with the right
products at the right time. We launched One Search, our universal search functionality enabling
users to discover rides, food, and retail items in a single experience. We are also expanding new
types of incentives like cross-platform quests, which encourage engagement across both
businesses. For instance, consumers can earn $20 in credits by completing 2 delivery orders and
1 ride in a two-week period. As such, cross-platform consumers grew 1.5x faster than single
business consumers in eligible markets in Q1.

Finally, we are leveraging AI to simplify and enhance the user experience. For consumers, we
introduced Cart Assistant, which helps users build grocery baskets more quickly by turning intent,
whether a recipe, image, or simple prompt, into a curated cart, reducing friction and increasing
conversion. For drivers and couriers, our Earner Assistant is designed to support drivers and
couriers throughout their journey, translating complex marketplace data like earnings trends and
heatmaps into simple, personalized guidance that helps them make better decisions in real time.
Drivers can also use the assistant to ask questions, adjust preferences, and more seamlessly
navigate the app. Now rolled out across the U.S., adoption continues to grow as we embed AI
more deeply into the experience.

Autonomous vehicles
Reference reading published with Q4 2025 results: Autonomous Vehicles Spotlight

Last quarter, we outlined the long-term opportunity in autonomous vehicles and the importance
of solving the go-to-market puzzle. Since then, the pace of our progress has accelerated even
further, reinforcing our conviction that a hybrid network will unlock meaningful growth while
amplifying the strengths of the Uber platform.

In Q1, we added several new partners, including Rivian, bringing a vertically integrated AV and
vehicle platform; Zoox, which will deploy purpose-built robotaxis starting in Las Vegas in Q3; and
Verne and Pony.ai, with plans to launch Europe’s first commercial robotaxi service. We also



                                                4
deepened our existing relationship with Waabi to include robotaxis in addition to our trucking
collaboration.

At the same time, we are making meaningful progress on deployment and scale. AV Mobility trips
on Uber increased more than 10x year over year, and we are now live in 8 cities, with plans to
expand to up to 15 by year-end. Key milestones this quarter include:

   ● Wayve / Nissan: Announced a new collaboration to launch robotaxis in Tokyo, marking
      our entry into Japan.
   ● Motional: Launched a commercial robotaxi service in Las Vegas, with riders able to
      access autonomous trips directly through the Uber app.
   ● NVIDIA: Deepened our partnership to enable the rollout of software-defined L4 robotaxis
      across 28 cities globally by 2028.
   ● WeRide: Expanded operations in the Middle East, including fully driverless service in
      Dubai and broader coverage across Abu Dhabi.
   ● Lucid / Nuro: Began employee trips in the Bay Area and remain on track for a public
      launch later this year; expanded our partnership with Lucid to include its mid-size vehicle
      platform, supporting the path to lower-cost robotaxi hardware.

We are uniquely positioned to bring together demand, supply, and operations at global scale. To
accelerate commercialization, we recently introduced Uber Autonomous Solutions, a
comprehensive suite of solutions that brings our core capabilities across infrastructure, user
experience, and fleet operations to our partners. We’re already seeing strong early traction. Our
data collect offering has scaled quickly as a turnkey solution to accelerate model training,
leveraging Uber’s revenue-generating fleet equipped with robotaxi-grade sensors. This creates a
differentiated dataset that combines our proprietary trip and telematics data with high-fidelity
sensor and OEM inputs, enabling faster, capital-efficient development. Another good example of
this approach is our recent partnership with Marsh and Apollo, where we launched a
first-of-its-kind insurance facility that provides integrated, end-to-end coverage for AV partners.

Balaji Krishnamurthy, CFO

Financial recap

Our Q1 results once again demonstrate Uber’s ability to deliver profitable growth at scale,
generate strong free cash flow, and return capital to shareholders. Gross Bookings increased 21%
YoY to $53.7 billion, exceeding the high end of our expectations despite a roughly 70 bps
headwind from geopolitical tensions in the Middle East and severe weather in the U.S. Consistent
with our framework, growth was driven primarily by expansion in our user base, followed by
higher engagement. We saw modest contribution from pricing due to mix, primarily growth in
premium Mobility products, G&R, and a higher volume contribution from Delivery.



                                                 5
Revenue grew 10% YoY to $13.2 billion, and was negatively impacted by $1.0 billion (~8
percentage point headwind to growth) from a business model change in the UK, which we
discussed in our Q4 2025 Prepared Remarks. The impact on our Mobility revenue margin was
roughly 400 bps in Q1, modestly higher than expected due to geographic mix. This is primarily a
movement of driver payment costs from cost of revenue to contra-revenue, and has no impact on
underlying economics (i.e. Mobility’s cost of revenue improved by an equivalent roughly 400
bps). We expect this accounting headwind to revenue and tailwind to cost of revenue to persist at
roughly the same magnitude for the remainder of 2026.

Non-GAAP Operating Income grew 42% YoY on a reported basis to $1.9 billion, resulting in a
margin of 3.5% of Gross Bookings (up 40 bps YoY). Adjusted EBITDA was $2.5 billion, up 33% YoY.
We continued to see strong operating leverage in both Mobility and Delivery. This was partially
offset at the corporate level by increased investment in technology headcount and insurance
reform, which moderated flow-through in Corporate G&A and Platform R&D.

Non-GAAP Net Income grew 39% YoY on a reported basis to $1.5 billion, and Non-GAAP EPS
grew 44% YoY to $0.72, at the high end of our guidance. On a GAAP basis, we generated income
from operations of $1.9 billion, up 57% YoY on a reported basis, driven by strong operating
performance. Net income for the quarter was $263 million, which included a $1.5 billion net
pre-tax headwind from revaluations of our equity investments. Our GAAP net income may
continue to see swings from quarter-to-quarter due to equity stakes on our balance sheet.

On a trailing twelve month basis, we generated a record $9.8 billion in free cash flow (FCF). Our
strong underlying FCF generation demonstrates the significant earnings power of our business.
As a reminder, quarterly FCF can fluctuate due to working capital seasonality and the timing of
cash payments. In Q1, these factors, along with moderating insurance reserve inflows, created a
headwind to FCF, and we encourage investors to evaluate performance on an annual basis. We
repurchased a record $3 billion of common stock in Q1, helping to drive a 2% YoY reduction in
diluted share count. For context, we retired approximately 40 million shares in Q1, as compared
to roughly 80 million for the entirety of 2025. We remain active under our $20 billion share
repurchase authorization, which has $16 billion remaining.

Capital structure and allocation

We ended the quarter with $6.1 billion in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, and short-term
investments. In addition, our equity stakes were marked at $8.1 billion, the majority of which are
publicly listed. These balances, combined with our large and growing free cash flows, provide
significant liquidity to support our capital allocation priorities.

Those priorities remain unchanged: disciplined reinvestment in growth, advancing our AV
strategy in a capital efficient manner, selective M&A, returning excess capital to shareholders, and
maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet.


                                                 6
We continue to see a broad set of attractive investment opportunities that extend both growth
and margins. Over the past three years, Gross Bookings have grown at a ~20% CAGR (i.e. 1.7x),
while trailing twelve month FCF has grown at a ~115% CAGR (i.e. 10x). Disciplined reinvestment in
our business rests on two core pillars: a rigorous framework to measure the return on
investments, and an ongoing focus on cost optimization and efficiency to drive operating
leverage, even as we make incremental investments.

U4B is a clear example of the first pillar. We have scaled this business by building products to
meet the needs of all kinds of corporate customers—from large enterprises, banks, and
consulting firms all the way to an SMB or car dealership. Our U4B business now generates well
over $5 billion of (high margin) annualized Gross Bookings and is still growing at 45% YoY. U4B
now serves well over 300,000 organizations globally. Of those, more than 400 spend >$1 million,
and 40 spend >$10 million annually. At this stage, the primary investment in U4B is sales
headcount. We evaluate the effectiveness of this investment by measuring the lifetime value (LTV)
to customer acquisition cost (CAC) ratio for each market. In the U4B context, LTV takes into
account country growth curves and variable contribution margins, quota attainment, and
incrementality from sales efforts, while CAC accounts for all opex associated with the lifetime of
an account, bonuses based on sales incentive plans, and lead generation costs for the account
executives. We greenlight incremental sales headcount in markets that are clearing the LTV/CAC
hurdle and meter our investment based on the available headroom. We have set ourselves an
ambitious target to serve as many as 1 million organizations and exceed $10 billion in Gross
Bookings by 2028.

We are also driving efficiency with AI. Historically, we have been obsessively focused on driving
efficiency across every line item on our P&L. Whether it was optimizing our mobile and mapping
costs, driving down customer support costs through automation, or bending the insurance cost
curve, our teams always have their hands full with efficiency initiatives. Today, AI is embedded
across the marketplace, from improving discovery and conversion to enhancing matching,
pricing, and support. We are now actively exploring the potential of generative AI across our
platform. Internally, we are already realizing meaningful productivity gains: 95% of our engineers
now use AI coding tools monthly, and more than 10% of code is now written autonomously by AI
coding agents. This is accelerating development velocity, with thousands of updates deployed
each week. Built on our existing data and infrastructure, these capabilities are highly scalable and
capital-efficient. While still early, this is now allowing us to moderate the pace of hiring relative to
our plans entering the year.

In AVs, we are investing in a focused and disciplined way across self-driving technology partners,
OEMs, and enabling infrastructure. As partners approach L4 readiness, investment will shift
toward OEMs and infrastructure to support scale. We remain committed to a capital-efficient
model, structuring investments with clear milestones and leveraging third-party financing where
appropriate. While we may play a more active role early on, our vehicle commitments are


                                                   7
designed to be flexible and transferable to fleet or financial partners over time, allowing us to
benefit from AV growth without structurally increasing capital intensity.

Our M&A approach remains deliberate and disciplined. We remain focused on organic growth
complemented by targeted, bolt-on acquisitions such as Blacklane, Getir, and SpotHero that
either expand our geographic reach or enhance platform capabilities.

Outlook

Based on quarter-to-date trends:

    ● We expect Q2 Gross Bookings of $56.25-57.75 billion, representing growth of 18% to 22%
       YoY on a constant-currency basis.
          ○ Our outlook assumes a roughly 2 percentage-point currency tailwind to total
              reported YoY growth.
          ○ Our outlook incorporates a 60 bps headwind from the conflict in the Middle East.
          ○ In April, we were pleased to close the acquisition of SpotHero. The acquisition is
              expected to have an immaterial impact to our financial results.
    ● We expect Q2 Non-GAAP EPS of $0.78-0.82, representing growth of 31% to 38% YoY.
          ○ This outlook translates to Adjusted EBITDA of $2.70-2.80 billion. We are providing
              this comparison to help investors navigate the transition to our new Non-GAAP
              disclosures.

Turning to the full-year, we are providing the following color beyond Q2:
   ● We expect 2026 stock-based compensation of $1.95-2.15 billion.
   ● We expect 2026 Non-GAAP depreciation and amortization expense of $450-550 million.
   ● We expect our full-year 2026 Non-GAAP ETR to be in the range of 22-24%, lowered from
       our prior outlook of 22-25%. We expect our full-year 2026 cash tax rate to be in the
       mid-to-high single digits1. As a reminder, over the next few years, we expect our cash tax
       rate to be in the range of 10-15% as we are able to use historical tax losses and other
       historical tax assets.




Forward-Looking Statements Disclaimer



1
  Calculated as forecasted cash income taxes paid divided by forecasted Non-GAAP income before income
taxes and loss from equity method investments. Non-GAAP income before income taxes and loss from
equity method investments is calculated as Non-GAAP Operating Income minus interest expense plus
interest income. Management finds the cash tax rate useful in evaluating expected cash outflows for tax
obligations.


                                                  8
These prepared remarks include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Additional
disclosures regarding these non-GAAP measures, including a reconciliation of GAAP to
non-GAAP measures, are included in the press release, supplemental slides and our filings with
the SEC, each of which is posted to investor.uber.com.

Certain statements in this presentation and on this call are forward-looking statements. You
should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ
materially from these forward-looking statements, and we do not undertake any obligation to
update any forward-looking statements we make today, except as required by law.

For more information about factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from
forward-looking statements, please refer to the press release we issued today and in other filings
made with the SEC.

All growth rates reflect YoY growth and are on a constant-currency basis, unless otherwise noted.
Lastly, we ask you to review our earnings press release for a detailed Q1 financial review and our
Q1 supplemental slides deck for additional disclosures that provide context on recent business
performance.




                                                9
