UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported): April 27, 2026

CHIPOTLE MEXICAN GRILL, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) | 1-32731 (Commission File Number) | 84-1219301 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

610 Newport Center Drive, Suite 1100

Newport Beach, CA 92660

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (949) 524-4000

Not Applicable

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐ Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐ Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐ Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class | Trading Symbol(s) | Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share | CMG | New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o

Item 7.01 | Regulation FD Disclosure.

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (“Chipotle”) today announced it has hired Fernando Machado as its Chief Brand Officer, effective June 1, 2026. In this role, Mr. Machado will lead the company’s global marketing strategy, brand positioning and customer engagement efforts as Chipotle continues to execute its Recipe for Growth strategy, driving innovation and expanding its global footprint.

Chipotle also announced that it has hired Arlie Sisson as Chief Digital Officer, effective May 4, 2026. Ms. Sisson will lead Chipotle’s initiatives to accelerate innovation to enhance operations, increase efficiency and continue to develop industry-leading digital capabilities across the business.

On April 27, 2026, Chipotle issued a press release announcing the actions described above. A copy of the press release is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

The information in this Item 7.01, including Exhibit 99.1, is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.

Item 9.01 | Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit Number | Exhibit Title or Description

99.1 | Press release issued by Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. on April 27, 2026.

104 | Cover Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

April 27, 2026 | Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.

By: | /s/ Ilene Eskenazi

Name: Ilene Eskenazi

Title: Chief Legal and Human Resources Officer


===== EXHIBIT EX-99.1 cmg-20260427xex991.htm (https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1058090/000105809026000024/cmg-20260427xex991.htm) =====

EX-99.1
2
cmg-20260427xex991.htm
EX-99.1

Document

Exhibit 99.1

NEWS Contact: Laurie Schalow (949) 524-4035 MediaRelations@chipotle.com

CHIPOTLE TAPS AWARD-WINNING FERNANDO MACHADO AS CHIEF BRAND OFFICER

Appoints Arlie Sisson to newly formed Chief Digital Officer role to accelerate innovation efforts tied to Recipe for Growth strategy

NEWPORT BEACH, Calif., April 27, 2026 – Chipotle Mexican Grill (NYSE: CMG) today announced it has appointed Fernando Machado, one of the world’s most innovative CMOs, as Chief Brand Officer, effective June 1. In this role, Machado will lead the company’s global marketing strategy, brand positioning and customer engagement efforts as Chipotle continues to execute its Recipe for Growth strategy, driving innovation and expanding its global footprint.

Machado spent over seven years as the Chief Marketing Officer at Restaurant Brands International (RBI) across brands like Burger King, Popeyes and Tim Hortons, where he received global recognition for his industry-leading campaigns. He also spent 18 years at Unilever in a series of executive leadership roles across its consumer brand portfolio. In addition, Machado was Chief Marketing Officer at Activision Blizzard, where he spearheaded marketing strategy across its portfolio of major gaming franchises. He currently serves as an Operating Partner at Garnett Station Partners (GSP), a private equity firm focused on franchise, multi-unit and services businesses.

“We are thrilled to welcome Fernando to Chipotle’s leadership team,” said Scott Boatwright, Chief Executive Officer. “His proven track record in building iconic brands, driving category-defining innovation, and leading customer-centric marketing strategies positions him to elevate our brand, deepen guest loyalty, highlight the value of our real food, and accelerate our long-term growth.” Machado added, “Chipotle has built one of the most distinctive and culturally relevant brands in the industry, and I look forward to building on that strong foundation through authentic storytelling, focused product development, and meaningful guest experiences.”

Machado, Ad Age’s 2020 CMO of the Year and a Forbes Top 3 Most Influential CMO globally, has a proven track record with numerous accolades for his breakthrough and innovative marketing campaigns. He holds a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Universidade Estadual de Campinas (UNICAMP) and an MBA from INSEAD Business School. He also serves on the board of Braze (Nasdaq: BRZE), the comprehensive customer engagement platform connecting brands and consumers.

Fueling digital growth

To accelerate its approach to technology and innovation, Chipotle named Arlie Sisson as Chief Digital Officer, reporting to Curt Garner, President, Chief Strategy and Technology Officer. Most recently, Sisson served as Senior Vice President, Global Head of Digital, Commercial Services at Hyatt Hotels, where she led a global organization across product, design, engineering, loyalty, analytics, digital strategy and more. Before Hyatt, Sisson was the Founder and Chief Executive Officer of UpPurpose, a privately funded, software-as-a-service (SaaS) company she built from the ground up. Prior to that, she held senior leadership roles at Condé Nast and Marriott (Starwood) Hotels, where she helped drive digital revenue growth and led mobile strategy initiatives.

Garner stated: “Sisson is a proven leader with a deep understanding of how technology can elevate both the guest and team member experience. In this newly established role, she will help advance our digital strategy, grow loyalty, strengthen how we operate across our restaurants, and unlock new opportunities to innovate at scale. Sisson’s leadership will be instrumental as we continue to evolve our capabilities, drive greater efficiency, and deliver best-in-class technology that supports our teams and enhances every interaction with our brand.”

“I’m thrilled to join Chipotle at such a dynamic moment in its journey,” added Sisson. “The brand’s commitment to real ingredients, operational excellence, and a differentiated guest experience creates a powerful foundation for continued digital advancement. I look forward to partnering with our teams to introduce new solutions that drive long-term growth.”

About Chipotle

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE: CMG) is cultivating a better world by serving responsibly sourced, classically-cooked, real food with wholesome ingredients without artificial colors, flavors or preservatives. There are over 4,000 restaurants as of December 31, 2025, in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, and the Middle East, and it is the only restaurant company of its size that owns and operates all its restaurants in North America and Europe. With over 130,000 employees passionate about providing a great guest experience, Chipotle is a longtime leader and innovator in the food industry. Chipotle is committed to making its food more accessible to everyone while continuing to be a brand with a demonstrated purpose as it leads the way in digital, technology and sustainable business practices. For more information or to place an order online, visit chipotle.com.
