40-APP
1
dp250003_40app.htm
FORM 40-APP

Hi Edgar TeFile No. 812-________

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

In the Matter of the Application of:

ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND I ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND II ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND III ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND IV ROBINHOOD VENTURES DE, LLC ROBINHOOD ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC ROBINHOOD MARKETS, INC. ROBINHOOD EUROPE, UAB ROBINHOOD ASSETS (JERSEY) LIMITED

85 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 ( 650) 761-7789

APPLICATION FOR AN ORDER PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 17(d)
AND 57(i) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 AND RULE 17d-1 UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 PERMITTING CERTAIN JOINT TRANSACTIONS
OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY SECTIONS 17(d) AND 57(a)(4) OF AND RULE 17d-1 UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940

All Communications, Notices and Orders to:
John Markle Maureen Montgomery 85 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 (650) 761-7789

Copies to:
Christopher P. Healey, Esq. Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 1050 17th Street, NW Washington, DC 20036 (202) 962-7000 Christopher.Healey@davispolk.com Oran Ebel, Esq. Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 450 Lexington Avenue New York, NY 10017 (212) 450-4000 Oran.Ebel@davispolk.com

July 13 , 2026

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

BEFORE THE

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

IN THE MATTER OF ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND I ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND II ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND III ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND IV ROBINHOOD VENTURES DE, LLC ROBINHOOD ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC ROBINHOOD MARKETS, INC. ROBINHOOD EUROPE, UAB ROBINHOOD ASSETS (JERSEY) LIMITED File No. 812-________ | : : : : : : : : : : | APPLICATION FOR AN ORDER PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 17(d) AND 57(i) OF THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 AND RULE 17d-1 UNDER
THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940 PERMITTING CERTAIN JOINT TRANSACTIONS OTHERWISE PROHIBITED BY SECTIONS 17(d) AND 57(a)(4) OF AND RULE 17d-1 UNDER THE INVESTMENT COMPANY ACT OF 1940

I. SUMMARY OF APPLICATION

The following entities hereby request an order
(the “Order”) of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or “Commission”)
under Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”),1
and Rule 17d-1, permitting certain joint transactions otherwise prohibited by Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1
thereunder.

· | Robinhood Ventures Fund I (the “ RVI ”), a Delaware statutory trust that is a non-diversified, closed-end
management investment company registered under the 1940 Act;

· | Robinhood Ventures Fund II (“ RVII ”), a Delaware statutory trust that was formed for the purpose of
operating as an externally-managed, diversified, closed-end management investment company and that intends to elect to be regulated as
a BDC under the 1940 Act;

· | Robinhood Ventures Fund III (“ RVIII ”), a Delaware statutory trust that was formed for the purpose of operating
as a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company registered under the 1940 Act;

· | Robinhood Ventures Fund IV (“ RVIV ” and together with RVI , RVII , and RVIII ,
the “ Existing Regulated Funds ” 2 ),
a Delaware statutory trust that was formed for the purpose of operating as an externally-

1 | Unless otherwise indicated, all section and rule references herein are to the 1940 Act and rules promulgated thereunder.

2 | “ Regulated Fund ” means the Existing
Regulated Funds and any Future Regulated Funds. “ Future Regulated Fund ” means an entity (or a series thereof,
as applicable) (a) that is an open-end or a closed-end management investment company registered under the 1940 Act, or a closed-end management
investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company under the 1940 Act, (b) whose (1) primary investment
adviser or (2) sub-adviser is an Adviser (as defined below) and (c) that intends to engage in Co-Investment Transactions. If an Adviser
serves as sub-adviser to a Regulated Fund whose primary adviser is not also an Adviser, such primary adviser shall be deemed to be an
Adviser with respect to conditions 3 and 4 only.

1

managed, diversified, closed-end management
investment company and that intends to elect to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act;

· | Robinhood Ventures DE, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment
Advisers Act of 1940 (the “Advisers Act”) and serves or will serve as the investment adviser to the Existing Regulated Funds
(“Robinhood Ventures” or the “Adviser”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Robinhood Markets, Inc. (“Robinhood
Markets”), on behalf of itself and its successors; 3

· | Robinhood Asset Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that is an investment adviser registered under the Advisers
Act (“Robinhood Asset Management”) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Robinhood Markets, on behalf of itself and its successors;

· | Robinhood Markets, Robinhood Europe, UAB, and Robinhood Assets (Jersey) Limited, affiliates of the Adviser that may, from
time to time, hold various financial assets in a principal capacity (i.e., a proprietary accounts), and that currently intend to participate
in the proposed co-investment program (in such capacity, the “ Existing Proprietary Accounts ”, together with
the Existing Regulated Funds, the Adviser, and Robinhood Asset Management, the “ Applicants ”). 4

The term Regulated Fund also includes (a)
any Wholly-Owned Investment Sub (as defined below) of a Regulated Fund, (b) any Joint Venture (as defined below) of a Regulated Fund,
and (c) any BDC Downstream Fund (as defined below) of a Regulated Fund that is a business development company. “Wholly-Owned
Investment Sub” means an entity: (a) that is a “wholly-owned subsidiary” (as defined in Section 2(a)(43) of
the 1940 Act) of a Regulated Fund; (b) whose sole business purpose is to hold one or more investments and which may issue debt on behalf
or in lieu of such Regulated Fund; and (c) is not a registered investment company or a business development company. “Joint
Venture” means an unconsolidated joint venture subsidiary of a Regulated Fund, in which all portfolio decisions, and generally
all other decisions in respect of such joint venture, must be approved by an investment committee consisting of representatives of the
Regulated Fund and the unaffiliated joint venture partner (with approval from a representative of each required). “BDC Downstream
Fund” means an entity (a) directly or indirectly controlled by a Regulated Fund that is a business development company,
(b) that is not controlled by any person other than the Regulated Fund (except a person that indirectly controls the entity solely because
it controls the Regulated Fund), (c) that would be an investment company but for Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, (d) whose
investment adviser is an Adviser and (e) that is not a Wholly-Owned Investment Sub.

In the case of a Wholly-Owned Investment
Sub that does not have a chief compliance officer or a Board, the chief compliance officer and Board of the Regulated Fund that controls
the Wholly-Owned Investment Sub will be deemed to serve those roles for the Wholly-Owned Investment Sub. In the case of a Joint Venture
or a BDC Downstream Fund (as applicable) that does not have a chief compliance officer or a Board, the chief compliance officer of the
Regulated Fund will be deemed to be the Joint Venture’s or BDC Downstream Fund’s chief compliance officer, and the Joint Venture’s
or BDC Downstream Fund’s investment committee will be deemed to be the Joint Venture’s or BDC Downstream Fund’s Board.”

3 | The term “successor” means an entity that results from a reorganization into another jurisdiction or change in the type
of business organization.

4 | All existing entities that currently intend to rely upon the requested Order have been named as Applicants. Any other existing or
future entity that subsequently relies on the Order will comply with the terms and conditions of the Application.

2

The relief requested in this application for the
Order (the “Application”) would allow a Regulated Fund and one or more Affiliated Entities5
to engage in Co-Investment Transactions6
subject to the terms and conditions described herein. The Regulated Funds and Affiliated Entities that participate in a Co-Investment
Transaction are collectively referred to herein as “Participants.”7
The Applicants do not seek relief for transactions effected consistent with Commission staff no-action positions.8

II. GENERAL DESCRIPTION
OF THE APPLICANTS

Robinhood Markets is a publicly traded holding
company. Robinhood Ventures and Robinhood Asset Management are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Robinhood Markets. Robinhood Ventures and
Robinhood Asset Management may therefore be deemed under control of Robinhood Markets. Robinhood Ventures may be deemed to control the
Fund by virtue of its position as the Fund’s investment adviser. All of the Applicants may therefore be deemed under the common
control of Robinhood Markets.

A. | RVI

RVI is a closed-end, non-diversified management
investment company that is registered under the 1940 Act. RVI commenced operations on September 5, 2025. RVI intends to qualify
annually as a regulated investment company (or “RIC”) under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).
RVI’s principal place of business is 85 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025.

RVI’s investment objective is to seek long-term
capital appreciation. RVI’s business and affairs are managed under the direction of the Board of Trustees (“Board”),
composed of five Trustees, three of whom are not “interested persons” (as defined in the 1940 Act) of the Fund (“Independent
Trustees”).9

B. | RVII

RVII is a Delaware statutory trust that was formed
for the purpose of operating as an externally-managed, diversified, closed-end management investment company and that intends to elect
to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. RVII commenced operations on March 16, 2026. RVII intends to qualify annually as a RIC under
the Code. RVII’s principal place of business is 85 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025.

5 | “ Affiliated Entity ” means an entity not controlled by a Regulated Fund that intends to engage in Co-Investment
Transactions and that is (a) with respect to a Regulated Fund, another Regulated Fund; (b) an Adviser or its affiliates, and any direct
or indirect, wholly- or majority-owned subsidiary of an Adviser or its affiliates, that is participating in a Co-Investment Transaction
in a principal capacity; or (c) any entity that would be an investment company but for Section 3(c) of the 1940 Act or Rule 3a-7 thereunder
and whose investment adviser is an Adviser.

To the extent that an entity described
in clause (b) is not advised by an Adviser, such entity shall be deemed to be an Adviser for purposes of the conditions.

6 | “ Co-Investment Transaction ” means the acquisition or Disposition of securities of an issuer in a transaction
effected in reliance on the Order or previously granted relief.

7 | “ Adviser ” means Robinhood Ventures, Robinhood Asset Management and any other investment adviser controlling,
controlled by, or under common control with Robinhood Ventures or Robinhood Asset Management. The term “Adviser” also includes
any internally-managed Regulated Fund.

8 | See, e.g. , Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. (pub. avail. June 7, 2000), Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Co. (pub.
avail. July 28, 2000) and SMC Capital, Inc. (pub. avail. Sept. 5, 1995).

9 | The board of each Future Regulated Fund will consist of a majority of members who are not “interested persons” of such
Future Regulated Fund within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act.

3

RVII’s investment objective is to seek long-term
capital appreciation. RVII’s business and affairs are managed under the direction of its Board, composed of five Trustees, three
of whom are Independent Trustees.

C. | RVIII

RVIII is a newly formed Delaware statutory trust
that was formed for the purpose of operating as a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that intends to become registered
under the 1940 Act. RVIII has not yet commenced operations. RVIII intends to qualify annually as a RIC under the Code. RVIII’s principal
place of business is 85 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025.

RVIII’s investment objective is to seek
long-term capital appreciation. RVIII’s business and affairs are expected to be managed under the direction of its Board, composed
of five Trustees, three of whom are expected to be Independent Trustees.

D. | RVIV

RVIV is a newly formed Delaware statutory trust
that was formed for the purpose of operating as an externally-managed, diversified, closed-end management investment company and that
intends to elect to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. RVIV has not yet commenced operations. RVIV intends to qualify annually
as a RIC under the Code. RVIV’s principal place of business is 85 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025.

RVIV investment objective is to seek long-term
capital appreciation. RVIV’s business and affairs are expected to be managed under the direction of its Board, composed of five
Trustees, three of whom are expected to be Independent Trustees.

E. | Robinhood Ventures and Robinhood Asset Management

Robinhood Ventures is registered under the Advisers
Act and serves as the investment adviser to the Fund pursuant to an investment advisory agreement. Robinhood Ventures, Robinhood Asset
Management or another Adviser will serve as the investment adviser to any Future Regulated Fund. Each of Robinhood Ventures and Robinhood
Asset Management is a Delaware limited liability company. Robinhood Asset Management is a registered investment adviser. Robinhood Ventures
and Robinhood Asset Management are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Robinhood Markets.

F. | Existing Proprietary Accounts

The Existing Proprietary Accounts will, from time
to time, hold various financial assets in a principal capacity. Any proprietary account that is not advised by an Adviser will
establish, maintain and implement policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure it can comply with the Conditions contained in
the Order applicable to such proprietary account.

III. ORDER REQUESTED

The Applicants request an Order of the Commission
under Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder to permit, subject to the terms and conditions set forth below
in this Application (the “Conditions”), each Regulated Fund to be able to participate with one or more Affiliated
Entities in Co-Investment Transactions otherwise prohibited by Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 thereunder.

A. Applicable
Law

Section 17(d), in relevant part, prohibits an
affiliated person, or an affiliated person of such affiliated person, of a registered investment company, acting as principal, from effecting
any transaction in which the registered investment company is “a joint or a joint and several participant with such person”
in contravention of such rules as the SEC may prescribe “for the purpose of limiting or preventing participation by such [fund]
on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of such other participant.”

Rule 17d-1 prohibits an affiliated person, or
an affiliated person of such affiliated person, of a registered investment company, acting as principal, from participating in, or effecting
any transaction in connection with, any

4

“joint enterprise or other joint arrangement
or profit-sharing plan”10 in which
the fund is a participant without first obtaining an order from the SEC.

Section 57(a)(4), in relevant part, prohibits
any person related to a business development company in the manner described in Section 57(b), acting as principal, from knowingly effecting
any transaction in which the business development company is a joint or a joint and several participant with such persons in contravention
of such rules as the Commission may prescribe for the purpose of limiting or preventing participation by the business development company
on a basis less advantageous than that of such person. Section 57(i) provides that, until the SEC prescribes rules under Section 57(a),
the SEC’s rules under Section 17(d) applicable to registered closed-end investment companies will be deemed to apply to persons
subject to the prohibitions of Section 57(a). Because the SEC has not adopted any rules under Section 57(a), Rule 17d-1 applies to persons
subject to the prohibitions of Section 57(a).

Rule 17d-1(b) provides, in relevant part, that
in passing upon applications under the rule, the Commission will consider whether the participation of a registered investment company
in a joint enterprise, joint arrangement or profit-sharing plan on the basis proposed is consistent with the provisions, policies and
purposes of the 1940 Act and the extent to which such participation is on a basis different from or less advantageous than that of other
participants.

B. Need
for Relief

Each Regulated Fund may be deemed to be an affiliated
person of each other Regulated Fund within the meaning of Section 2(a)(3) if it is deemed to be under common control because an Adviser
is or will be either the investment adviser or sub-adviser to each Regulated Fund. Section 17(d) and Section 57(b) apply to any investment
adviser to an open-end fund or a closed-end fund or a business development company, respectively, including a sub-adviser. Thus, an Adviser
and any Affiliated Entities that it advises could be deemed to be persons related to Regulated Funds in a manner described by Sections
17(d) and 57(b). The Adviser and Robinhood Asset Management are wholly-owned by Robinhood Markets. Accordingly, with respect to the Existing
Advisers and any other Advisers that are deemed to be affiliated persons of each other, Affiliated Entities advised by any of them could
be deemed to be persons related to Regulated Funds (or a company controlled by a Regulated Fund) in a manner described by Sections 17(d)
and 57(b). In addition, any entities or accounts controlled by or under common control with the Adviser, Robinhood Asset Management and/or
any other Advisers that are deemed to be affiliated persons of each other that may, from time to time, hold various financial assets in
a principal capacity, could be deemed to be persons related to Regulated Funds (or a company controlled by a Regulated Fund) in a manner
described by Sections 17(d) and 57(b). Finally, with respect to any Wholly-Owned Investment Sub, Joint Venture, or BDC Downstream Fund
of a Regulated Fund, such entity would be a company controlled by its parent Regulated Fund for purposes of Section 57(a)(4) of the 1940
Act and Rule 17d-l under the 1940 Act.

C. Conditions

Applicants agree that any Order granting the requested
relief will be subject to the following Conditions.

1. Same
Terms. With respect to any Co-Investment Transaction, each Regulated Fund and Affiliated Entity participating in such transaction
will acquire, or dispose of, as the case may be, the same class of securities, at the same time, for the same price and with the same
conversion, financial reporting and registration rights, and with substantially the same other terms (provided that the settlement date
for an Affiliated Entity may occur up to ten business days after the settlement date for the Regulated Fund, and vice versa). If a Participant,
but not all of the Regulated Funds, has the right to nominate a director for election to a portfolio company’s board of directors,
the right to appoint a board observer or any similar right to participate in the governance or management of a portfolio

10 | Rule 17d-1(c) defines a “[j]oint enterprise or other joint arrangement or profit-sharing plan” to include, in relevant
part, “any written or oral plan, contract, authorization or arrangement or any practice or understanding concerning an enterprise
or undertaking whereby a registered investment company … and any affiliated person of or principal underwriter for such registered
company, or any affiliated person of such a person or principal underwriter, have a joint or a joint and several participation, or share
in the profits of such enterprise or undertaking ….”

5

company, the Board of each Regulated Fund that does
not hold this right must be given the opportunity to veto the selection of such person.11

2. Existing
Investments in the Issuer. Prior to a Regulated Fund acquiring in a Co-Investment Transaction a security of an issuer in which an
Affiliated Entity has an existing interest in such issuer, the “required majority,” as defined in Section 57(o) of the 1940
Act,12 of the Regulated Fund (“Required
Majority”) will take the steps set forth in Section 57(f) of the 1940 Act,13
unless: (i) the Regulated Fund already holds the same security as each such Affiliated Entity; and (ii) the Regulated Fund and each other
Affiliated Entity holding the security is participating in the acquisition in approximate proportion to its then-current holdings.

3. Related
Expenses. Any expenses associated with acquiring, holding or disposing of any securities acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction,
to the extent not borne by the Adviser(s), will be shared among the Participants in proportion to the relative amounts of the securities
being acquired, held or disposed of, as the case may be.14

4. No
Remuneration. Any transaction fee15
(including break-up, structuring, monitoring or commitment fees but excluding broker’s fees contemplated by section 17(e) or 57(k)
of the 1940 Act, as applicable), received by an Adviser and/or a Participant in connection with a Co-Investment Transaction will be distributed
to the Participants on a pro rata basis based on the amounts they invested or committed, as the case may be, in such Co-Investment Transaction.
If any transaction fee is to be held by an Adviser pending consummation of the transaction, the fee will be deposited into an account
maintained by the Adviser at a bank or banks having the qualifications prescribed in section 26(a)(1) of the 1940 Act, and the account
will earn a competitive rate of interest that will also be divided pro rata among the Participants based on the amount they invest in
such Co-Investment Transaction. No Affiliated Entity, Regulated Fund, or any of their affiliated persons will accept any compensation,
remuneration or financial benefit in connection with a Regulated Fund’s participation in a Co-Investment Transaction, except: (i)
to the extent

11 | Such a Board can also, consistent with applicable fund documents, facilitate this opportunity by delegating the authority to veto
the selection of such person to a committee of the Board.

12 | Section 57(o) defines the term “required majority,” in relevant part, with respect to the approval of a proposed transaction,
as both a majority of a BDC’s directors who have no financial interest in the transaction and a majority of such directors who are
not interested persons of the BDC. In the case of a Regulated Fund that is not a BDC, the Board members that constitute the Required Majority
will be determined as if such Regulated Fund were a BDC subject to Section 57(o) of the 1940 Act. Solely for purposes of conditions 2
and 6(b) of this Application, a designated committee of the Board of a Regulated Fund may take the steps required of the Required Majority,
so long as: (a) such committee consists of at least three directors who both have no financial interest in the relevant transaction and
are not interested persons of the Regulated Fund, a majority of whom approve the transaction; and (b) a report on all Co-Investment Transactions
considered by the designated committee, including the committee’s decision on each such transaction and the information described
in Section 57(f)(3) that the committee has recorded with respect to each such transaction, is provided to the full Board of the Regulated
Fund at the Board’s next regularly-scheduled meeting.

13 | Section 57(f) provides for the approval by a Required Majority of certain transactions on the basis that, in relevant part: (i) the
terms of the transaction, including the consideration to be paid or received, are reasonable and fair to the shareholders of the BDC and
do not involve overreaching of the BDC or its shareholders on the part of any person concerned; (ii) the proposed transaction is consistent
with the interests of the BDC’s shareholders and the BDC’s policy as recited in filings made by the BDC with the Commission
and the BDC’s reports to shareholders; and (iii) the BDC’s directors record in their minutes and preserve in their records
a description of the transaction, their findings, the information or materials upon which their findings were based, and the basis for
their findings.

14 | Expenses of an individual Participant that are incurred solely by the Participant due to its unique circumstances (such as legal and
compliance expenses) will be borne by such Participant.

15 | Applicants are not requesting and the Commission is not providing any relief for transaction fees received in connection with any
Co-Investment Transaction.

6

permitted by Section 17(e) or 57(k) of the 1940 Act;
(ii) as a result of either being a Participant in the Co-Investment Transaction or holding an interest in the securities issued by one
of the Participants; or (iii) in the case of an Adviser, investment advisory compensation paid in accordance with investment advisory
agreement(s) with the Regulated Fund(s) or Affiliated Entity(ies).

5. Co-Investment
Policies. Each Adviser (and each Affiliated Entity that is not advised by an Adviser) will adopt and implement policies and procedures
reasonably designed to ensure that: (i) opportunities to participate in Co-Investment Transactions are allocated in a manner that is fair
and equitable to every Regulated Fund; and (ii) the Adviser negotiating the Co-Investment Transaction considers the interest in the Transaction
of any participating Regulated Fund (the “Co-Investment Policies”). Each Adviser (and each Affiliated Entity
that is not advised by an Adviser) will provide its Co-Investment Policies to the Regulated Funds and will notify the Regulated Funds
of any material changes thereto.16

6. Dispositions:

(a) | Prior to any Disposition 17 by an Affiliated
Entity of a security acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction, the Adviser to each Regulated Fund that participated in the Co-Investment
Transaction will be notified and each such Regulated Fund given the opportunity to participate pro rata based on the proportion of its
holdings relative to the other Affiliated Entities participating in such Disposition.

(b) | Prior to any Disposition by a Regulated Fund of a security acquired in a Co-Investment Transaction, the Required Majority will take
the steps set forth in Section 57(f) of the 1940 Act, unless: (i) each Affiliated Entity holding the security participates in the Disposition
in approximate proportion to its then-current holding of the security; or (ii) the Disposition is a sale of a Tradable Security. 18

7. Board
Oversight

(a) | Each Regulated Fund’s directors will oversee the Regulated Fund’s participation in the co-investment program in the exercise
of their reasonable business judgment.

(b) | Prior to a Regulated Fund’s participation in Co-Investment Transactions, the Regulated Fund’s Board, including a Required
Majority, will: (i) review the Co-Investment Policies, to ensure that they are reasonably designed to prevent the Regulated Fund from
being disadvantaged by participation in the co-investment program; and (ii) approve policies and procedures of the Regulated Fund that
are reasonably designed to ensure compliance with the terms of the Order.

(c) | At least quarterly, each Regulated Fund’s Adviser and chief compliance officer (as defined in Rule 38a-1(a)(4)) will provide
the Regulated Fund Boards with reports or other information requested by the Board related to a Regulated Fund’s participation in
Co-Investment Transactions and a summary of matters, if any, deemed significant that may have arisen during the period related to the
implementation of the Co-Investment Policies and the Regulated Fund’s policies and procedures approved pursuant to (b) above.

(d) | Every year, each Regulated Fund’s Adviser and chief compliance officer will provide the Regulated Fund’s Board with reports
or other information requested by the Board related to the Regulated

16 | The Affiliated Entities may adopt shared Co-Investment Policies.

17 | “ Disposition ” means the sale, exchange, transfer or other disposition of an interest in a security of an
issuer.

18 | “ Tradable Security ” means a security which trades: (i) on a national securities exchange (or designated
offshore securities market as defined in Rule 902(b) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) and (ii) with sufficient volume and
liquidity (findings which are to be made in good faith and documented by the Advisers to any Regulated Funds) to allow each Regulated
Fund to dispose of its entire remaining position within 30 days at approximately the price at which the Regulated Fund has valued the
investment.

7

Fund’s
participation in the co-investment program and any material changes in the Affiliated Entities’ participation in the co-investment
program, including changes to the Affiliated Entities’ Co-Investment Policies.

(e) | The Adviser and the chief compliance officer will also notify the Regulated Fund’s Board of a compliance matter related to the
Regulated Fund’s participation in the co-investment program and related Co-Investment Policies or the Regulated Fund’s policies
and procedures approved pursuant to (b) above that a Regulated Fund’s chief compliance officer considers to be material.

8. Recordkeeping.
All information presented to the Board pursuant to the order will be kept for the life of the Regulated Fund and at least two years thereafter,
and will be subject to examination by the Commission and its Staff. Each Regulated Fund will maintain the records required by Section
57(f)(3) as if it were a business development company and each of the Co-Investment Transactions were approved by the Required Majority
under Section 57(f).19

9. In
the event that the Commission adopts a rule under the 1940 Act allowing co-investments of the type described in this Application, any
relief granted by the Order will expire on the effective date of that rule.

IV. STATEMENT IN SUPPORT
OF RELIEF REQUESTED

Applicants submit that allowing the Co-Investment
Transactions described by this Application is justified on the basis of (i) the potential benefits to the Regulated Funds and their respective
shareholders and (ii) the protections found in the terms and conditions set forth in this Application.

A. Potential
Benefits to the Regulated Funds and their Shareholders

Section 57(a)(4) and Rule 17d-1 (as applicable)
limit the ability of the Regulated Funds to participate in attractive co-investment opportunities under certain circumstances. If the
relief is granted, the Regulated Funds should: (i) be able to participate in a larger number and greater variety of investments, thereby
diversifying their portfolios and providing related risk-limiting benefits; (ii) be able to participate in larger financing opportunities,
including those involving issuers with better credit quality, which otherwise might not be available to investors of a Regulated Fund’s
size; (iii) have greater bargaining power (notably with regard to creditor protection terms and other similar investor rights), more control
over the investment and less need to bring in other external investors or structure investments to satisfy the different needs of external
investors; (iv) benefit from economies of scale by sharing fixed expenses associated with an investment with the other Participants; and
(v) be able to obtain better deal flow from investment bankers and other sources of investments.

B. Shareholder
Protections

Each Co-Investment Transaction would be subject
to the terms and conditions of this Application. The Conditions are designed to address the concerns underlying Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4)
and Rule 17d-l by ensuring that participation by a Regulated Fund in any Co-Investment Transaction would not be on a basis different from
or less advantageous than that of other Participants. Under Condition 5, each Adviser (and each Affiliated Entity that is not advised
by an Adviser) will adopt and implement Co-Investment Policies that are reasonably designed to ensure that (i) opportunities to participate
in Co-Investment Transactions are allocated in a manner that is fair and equitable to every Regulated Fund; and (ii) the Adviser negotiating
the Co Investment Transaction considers the interest in the Transaction of any participating Regulated Fund. The Co-Investment Policies
will require an Adviser to make an independent determination of the appropriateness of a Co-Investment Transaction and the proposed allocation
size based on each Participant’s specific investment profile and other relevant characteristics.

19 | If a Regulated Fund enters into a transaction that would be a Co-Investment Transaction pursuant to this Order in reliance on another
exemptive order instead of this Order, the information presented to the Board and records maintained by the Regulated Fund will expressly
indicate the order relied upon by the Regulated Fund to enter into such transaction.

8

V. PRECEDENTS

The Commission has previously issued orders permitting
certain investment companies subject to regulation under the 1940 Act and their affiliated persons to be able to participate in Co-Investment
Transactions (the “Existing Orders”).20
Similar to the Existing Orders, the Conditions described herein are designed to mitigate the possibility for overreaching and to promote
fair and equitable treatment of the Regulated Funds. Accordingly, the Applicants submit that the scope of investor protections contemplated
by the Conditions are consistent with those found in the Existing Orders.

VI. PROCEDURAL MATTERS

A. Communications

Please address all communications concerning this
Application, the Notice and the Order to:

John Markle

Maureen Montgomery

85 Willow Road

Menlo Park, California 94025

(650) 761-7789

Please address any questions, and a copy of any
communications, concerning this Application, the Notice, and the Order to:

Christopher P. Healey, Esq.

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

1050
17th Street NW

Washington, DC 20036

(202) 962-7000

Christopher.Healey@davispolk.com

Oran Ebel, Esq.

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP

450
Lexington Avenue

New York, NY 10017

(212) 450-4000

Oran.Ebel@davispolk.com

B. Authorizations

The filing of this Application for the Order sought
hereby and the taking of all acts reasonably necessary to obtain the relief requested herein was authorized by the Board of each Existing
Regulated Fund pursuant to resolutions duly adopted by the Board. Copies of the resolutions are provided below.

Pursuant to Rule 0-2(c), Applicants hereby state
that each Applicant has authorized to cause to be prepared and to execute and file with the Commission this Application and any amendment
thereto for an order pursuant to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) and Rule 17d-1 permitting certain joint transactions otherwise prohibited by
Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4) and Rule 17d-1. The person executing the Application on behalf of the Applicants being duly sworn

20 | See, e.g. , FS Credit Opportunities Corp., et al. (File No. 812-15706), Release No. IC-35520 (April 3, 2025) (notice),
Release No. IC-35561 (April 29, 2025) (order); Sixth Street Specialty Lending, Inc. et al. (File No. 812-15729), Release No. IC-35531
(April 10, 2025) (notice), Release No. IC-35570 (May 6, 2025) (order); Blue Owl Capital Corporation, et al. (File No. 812-15715),
Release No. IC-35530 (April 9, 2025) (notice), Release No. IC-35573 (May 6, 2025) (order); BlackRock Growth Equity Fund LP, et al. (File No. 812-15712), Release No. IC-35525 (April 8, 2025) (notice), Release No. IC-35572 (May 6, 2025) (order).

9

deposes and says that he has duly executed the Application
for and on behalf of the applicable entity listed; that he is authorized to execute the Application pursuant to the terms of an operating
agreement, management agreement or otherwise; and that all actions by members, directors or other bodies necessary to authorize each such
deponent to execute and file the Application have been taken.

The Applicants have caused this Application to
be duly signed on their behalf on the 13th day of July, 2026.

ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND I
By: | /s/ Sarah Pinto
Name: | Sarah Pinto
Title: | President

ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND II
By: | /s/ Sarah Pinto
Name: | Sarah Pinto
Title: | President

ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND III
By: | /s/ Sarah Pinto
Name: | Sarah Pinto
Title: | President

ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND IV
By: | /s/ Sarah Pinto
Name: | Sarah Pinto
Title: | President

ROBINHOOD VENTURES DE, LLC
By: | /s/ Sarah Pinto
Name: | Sarah Pinto
Title: | Chief Investment Officer

ROBINHOOD ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC
By: | /s/ Stephanie Guild
Name: | Stephanie Guild
Title: | President

10

ROBINHOOD MARKETS, INC.
By: | /s/ Shiv Verma
Name: | Shiv Verma
Title: | Chief Financial Officer

ROBINHOOD EUROPE, UAB
By: | /s/ Shiv Verma
Name: | Shiv Verma
Title: | Chief Financial Officer

ROBINHOOD ASSETS (JERSEY) LIMITED
By: | /s/ Shiv Verma
Name: | Shiv Verma
Title: | Chief Financial Officer

11

VERIFICATION

The undersigned states that he or she has duly executed the attached
Application for an Order under Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and Rule 17d-1 thereunder,
for and on behalf of the Applicants, as the case may be, that he or she holds the office with such entity as indicated below and that
all actions by the officers, directors, and other bodies necessary to authorize the undersigned to execute and file such Application have
been taken. The undersigned further says that he or she is familiar with the instrument and the contents thereof, and that the facts set
forth therein are true to the best of his or her knowledge, information, and belief.

ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND I
By: | /s/ Sarah Pinto
Name: | Sarah Pinto
Title: | President

ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND II
By: | /s/ Sarah Pinto
Name: | Sarah Pinto
Title: | President

ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND III
By: | /s/ Sarah Pinto
Name: | Sarah Pinto
Title: | President

ROBINHOOD VENTURES FUND IV
By: | /s/ Sarah Pinto
Name: | Sarah Pinto
Title: | President

ROBINHOOD VENTURES DE, LLC
By: | /s/ Sarah Pinto
Name: | Sarah Pinto
Title: | Chief Investment Officer

12

ROBINHOOD ASSET MANAGEMENT, LLC
By: | /s/ Stephanie Guild
Name: | Stephanie Guild
Title: | President

ROBINHOOD MARKETS, INC.
By: | /s/ Shiv Verma
Name: | Shiv Verma
Title: | Chief Financial Officer

ROBINHOOD EUROPE, UAB
By: | /s/ Shiv Verma
Name: | Shiv Verma
Title: | Chief Financial Officer

ROBINHOOD ASSETS (JERSEY) LIMITED
By: | /s/ Shiv Verma
Name: | Shiv Verma
Title: | Chief Financial Officer

13

Appendix A

Resolutions of the Board of Trustees

Robinhood Ventures Fund I (the “Fund”)

WHEREAS, the Board deems it advisable and
in the best interest of the Fund to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) an application
for an order pursuant to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), and
Rule 17d-1 promulgated thereunder (the “Application”), to authorize the entering into of certain joint transactions that otherwise
may be prohibited by Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 promulgated thereunder; now therefore be it

RESOLVED, that the officers of the Fund
be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and directed on behalf of the Fund and in its name to prepare, execute, and cause to be filed
with the Commission an Application for an order of Exemption, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, and any amendments
thereto, pursuant to Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act; and be it further

RESOLVED, that the officers of the Fund
be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and directed to take such further action and execute such other documents as such officer or
officers shall deem necessary or advisable in order to effectuate the intent of the foregoing resolution; and be it further

RESOLVED, that any and all actions previously
taken by the Fund or any of its trustees or officers in connection with the actions contemplated by the foregoing resolutions be, and
each of them hereby is, ratified, confirmed, approved and adopted in all respects as and for the acts and deeds of the Fund.

Adopted January 21, 2026

14

Appendix B

Resolutions of the Initial Trustee

Robinhood Ventures Fund II (the “Fund”)

WHEREAS, the Initial Trustee deems it advisable
and in the best interest of the Fund to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) an application
for an order pursuant to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), and
Rule 17d-1 promulgated thereunder (the “Application”), to authorize the entering into of certain joint transactions that otherwise
may be prohibited by Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 promulgated thereunder; now therefore be it

RESOLVED, that the officers of the Fund
be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and directed on behalf of the Fund and in its name to prepare, execute, and cause to be filed
with the Commission an Application for an order of Exemption, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, and any amendments
thereto, pursuant to Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act; and be it further

RESOLVED, that the officers of the Fund
be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and directed to take such further action and execute such other documents as such officer or
officers shall deem necessary or advisable in order to effectuate the intent of the foregoing resolution; and be it further

RESOLVED, that any and all actions previously
taken by the Fund or any of its trustees or officers in connection with the actions contemplated by the foregoing resolutions be, and
each of them hereby is, ratified, confirmed, approved and adopted in all respects as and for the acts and deeds of the Fund.

Adopted May 19, 2026

15

Appendix C

Resolutions of the Initial Trustee

Robinhood Ventures Fund III (the “Fund”)

WHEREAS, the Initial Trustee deems it advisable
and in the best interest of the Fund to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) an application
for an order pursuant to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), and
Rule 17d-1 promulgated thereunder (the “Application”), to authorize the entering into of certain joint transactions that otherwise
may be prohibited by Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 promulgated thereunder; now therefore be it

RESOLVED, that the officers of the Fund
be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and directed on behalf of the Fund and in its name to prepare, execute, and cause to be filed
with the Commission an Application for an order of Exemption, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, and any amendments
thereto, pursuant to Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act; and be it further

RESOLVED, that the officers of the Fund
be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and directed to take such further action and execute such other documents as such officer or
officers shall deem necessary or advisable in order to effectuate the intent of the foregoing resolution; and be it further

RESOLVED, that any and all actions previously
taken by the Fund or any of its trustees or officers in connection with the actions contemplated by the foregoing resolutions be, and
each of them hereby is, ratified, confirmed, approved and adopted in all respects as and for the acts and deeds of the Fund.

Adopted June 24, 2026

16

Appendix D

Resolutions of the Initial Trustee

Robinhood Ventures Fund IV (the “Fund”)

WHEREAS, the Initial Trustee deems it advisable
and in the best interest of the Fund to file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Commission”) an application
for an order pursuant to Sections 17(d) and 57(i) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), and
Rule 17d-1 promulgated thereunder (the “Application”), to authorize the entering into of certain joint transactions that otherwise
may be prohibited by Sections 17(d) and 57(a)(4) of the 1940 Act and Rule 17d-1 promulgated thereunder; now therefore be it

RESOLVED, that the officers of the Fund
be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and directed on behalf of the Fund and in its name to prepare, execute, and cause to be filed
with the Commission an Application for an order of Exemption, substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, and any amendments
thereto, pursuant to Section 17(d) of the 1940 Act; and be it further

RESOLVED, that the officers of the Fund
be, and each of them hereby is, authorized and directed to take such further action and execute such other documents as such officer or
officers shall deem necessary or advisable in order to effectuate the intent of the foregoing resolution; and be it further

RESOLVED, that any and all actions previously
taken by the Fund or any of its trustees or officers in connection with the actions contemplated by the foregoing resolutions be, and
each of them hereby is, ratified, confirmed, approved and adopted in all respects as and for the acts and deeds of the Fund.

Adopted June 24, 2026

17
